# OpenAI API

APIs for sampling from and fine-tuning language models

This Scala akka-http framework project was generated by OpenAPI Generator 7.4.0.

    ## API

          ### OpenAI

          |Name|Role|
          |----|----|
          |`org.openapitools.server.api.OpenAIController`|akka-http API controller|
          |`org.openapitools.server.api.OpenAIApi`|Representing trait|
              |`org.openapitools.server.api.OpenAIApiImpl`|Default implementation|

                * `POST /v1/fine-tunes/{fine_tune_id}/cancel` - Immediately cancel a fine-tune job. 
                * `POST /v1/chat/completions` - Creates a model response for the given chat conversation.
                * `POST /v1/completions` - Creates a completion for the provided prompt and parameters.
                * `POST /v1/edits` - Creates a new edit for the provided input, instruction, and parameters.
                * `POST /v1/embeddings` - Creates an embedding vector representing the input text.
                * `POST /v1/files` - Upload a file that contains document(s) to be used across various endpoints/features. Currently, the size of all the files uploaded by one organization can be up to 1 GB. Please contact us if you need to increase the storage limit. 
                * `POST /v1/fine-tunes` - Creates a job that fine-tunes a specified model from a given dataset.  Response includes details of the enqueued job including job status and the name of the fine-tuned models once complete.  [Learn more about Fine-tuning](/docs/guides/fine-tuning) 
                * `POST /v1/images/generations` - Creates an image given a prompt.
                * `POST /v1/images/edits` - Creates an edited or extended image given an original image and a prompt.
                * `POST /v1/images/variations` - Creates a variation of a given image.
                * `POST /v1/moderations` - Classifies if text violates OpenAI&#39;s Content Policy
                * `POST /v1/audio/transcriptions` - Transcribes audio into the input language.
                * `POST /v1/audio/translations` - Translates audio into English.
                * `DELETE /v1/files/{file_id}` - Delete a file.
                * `DELETE /v1/models/{model}` - Delete a fine-tuned model. You must have the Owner role in your organization.
                * `GET /v1/files/{file_id}/content` - Returns the contents of the specified file
                * `GET /v1/files` - Returns a list of files that belong to the user&#39;s organization.
                * `GET /v1/fine-tunes/{fine_tune_id}/events?stream=[value]` - Get fine-grained status updates for a fine-tune job. 
                * `GET /v1/fine-tunes` - List your organization&#39;s fine-tuning jobs 
                * `GET /v1/models` - Lists the currently available models, and provides basic information about each one such as the owner and availability.
                * `GET /v1/files/{file_id}` - Returns information about a specific file.
                * `GET /v1/fine-tunes/{fine_tune_id}` - Gets info about the fine-tune job.  [Learn more about Fine-tuning](/docs/guides/fine-tuning) 
                * `GET /v1/models/{model}` - Retrieves a model instance, providing basic information about the model such as the owner and permissioning.

