

# RealtimeConversationItem

The item to add to the conversation.

The class is defined in **[RealtimeConversationItem.java](../../src/main/java/org/openapitools/model/RealtimeConversationItem.java)**

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | `String` | The unique ID of the item, this can be generated by the client to help  manage server-side context, but is not required because the server will  generate one if not provided.  |  [optional property]
**type** | [**TypeEnum**](#TypeEnum) | The type of the item (&#x60;message&#x60;, &#x60;function_call&#x60;, &#x60;function_call_output&#x60;).  |  [optional property]
**_object** | [**ObjectEnum**](#ObjectEnum) | Identifier for the API object being returned - always &#x60;realtime.item&#x60;.  |  [optional property]
**status** | [**StatusEnum**](#StatusEnum) | The status of the item (&#x60;completed&#x60;, &#x60;incomplete&#x60;). These have no effect  on the conversation, but are accepted for consistency with the  &#x60;conversation.item.created&#x60; event.  |  [optional property]
**role** | [**RoleEnum**](#RoleEnum) | The role of the message sender (&#x60;user&#x60;, &#x60;assistant&#x60;, &#x60;system&#x60;), only  applicable for &#x60;message&#x60; items.  |  [optional property]
**content** | [`List&lt;RealtimeConversationItemContentInner&gt;`](RealtimeConversationItemContentInner.md) | The content of the message, applicable for &#x60;message&#x60; items.  - Message items of role &#x60;system&#x60; support only &#x60;input_text&#x60; content - Message items of role &#x60;user&#x60; support &#x60;input_text&#x60; and &#x60;input_audio&#x60;    content - Message items of role &#x60;assistant&#x60; support &#x60;text&#x60; content.  |  [optional property]
**callId** | `String` | The ID of the function call (for &#x60;function_call&#x60; and  &#x60;function_call_output&#x60; items). If passed on a &#x60;function_call_output&#x60;  item, the server will check that a &#x60;function_call&#x60; item with the same  ID exists in the conversation history.  |  [optional property]
**name** | `String` | The name of the function being called (for &#x60;function_call&#x60; items).  |  [optional property]
**arguments** | `String` | The arguments of the function call (for &#x60;function_call&#x60; items).  |  [optional property]
**output** | `String` | The output of the function call (for &#x60;function_call_output&#x60; items).  |  [optional property]


## TypeEnum

Name | Value
---- | -----
MESSAGE | `"message"`
FUNCTION_CALL | `"function_call"`
FUNCTION_CALL_OUTPUT | `"function_call_output"`

## ObjectEnum

Name | Value
---- | -----
REALTIME_ITEM | `"realtime.item"`

## StatusEnum

Name | Value
---- | -----
COMPLETED | `"completed"`
INCOMPLETE | `"incomplete"`

## RoleEnum

Name | Value
---- | -----
USER | `"user"`
ASSISTANT | `"assistant"`
SYSTEM | `"system"`







