# ChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCall

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Arguments** | Pointer to **string** | The arguments to call the function with, as generated by the model in JSON format. Note that the model does not always generate valid JSON, and may hallucinate parameters not defined by your function schema. Validate the arguments in your code before calling your function. | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | The name of the function to call. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCall

`func NewChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCall() *ChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCall`

NewChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCall instantiates a new ChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCall object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCallWithDefaults

`func NewChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCallWithDefaults() *ChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCall`

NewChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCallWithDefaults instantiates a new ChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCall object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetArguments

`func (o *ChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCall) GetArguments() string`

GetArguments returns the Arguments field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetArgumentsOk

`func (o *ChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCall) GetArgumentsOk() (*string, bool)`

GetArgumentsOk returns a tuple with the Arguments field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetArguments

`func (o *ChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCall) SetArguments(v string)`

SetArguments sets Arguments field to given value.

### HasArguments

`func (o *ChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCall) HasArguments() bool`

HasArguments returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *ChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCall) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *ChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCall) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *ChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCall) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *ChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCall) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


