# ChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **string** | Unique identifier for this audio response. | 
**ExpiresAt** | **int32** | The Unix timestamp (in seconds) for when this audio response will no longer be accessible on the server for use in multi-turn conversations.  | 
**Data** | **string** | Base64 encoded audio bytes generated by the model, in the format specified in the request.  | 
**Transcript** | **string** | Transcript of the audio generated by the model. | 

## Methods

### NewChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio

`func NewChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio(id string, expiresAt int32, data string, transcript string, ) *ChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio`

NewChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio instantiates a new ChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewChatCompletionResponseMessageAudioWithDefaults

`func NewChatCompletionResponseMessageAudioWithDefaults() *ChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio`

NewChatCompletionResponseMessageAudioWithDefaults instantiates a new ChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *ChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *ChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *ChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.


### GetExpiresAt

`func (o *ChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio) GetExpiresAt() int32`

GetExpiresAt returns the ExpiresAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExpiresAtOk

`func (o *ChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio) GetExpiresAtOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetExpiresAtOk returns a tuple with the ExpiresAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExpiresAt

`func (o *ChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio) SetExpiresAt(v int32)`

SetExpiresAt sets ExpiresAt field to given value.


### GetData

`func (o *ChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio) GetData() string`

GetData returns the Data field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDataOk

`func (o *ChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio) GetDataOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDataOk returns a tuple with the Data field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetData

`func (o *ChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio) SetData(v string)`

SetData sets Data field to given value.


### GetTranscript

`func (o *ChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio) GetTranscript() string`

GetTranscript returns the Transcript field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTranscriptOk

`func (o *ChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio) GetTranscriptOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTranscriptOk returns a tuple with the Transcript field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTranscript

`func (o *ChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio) SetTranscript(v string)`

SetTranscript sets Transcript field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


