# CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Project** | **string** | The name of the project that the new run will be created under.  | 
**Name** | Pointer to **NullableString** | A display name to set for the run. If not set, we will use the Job ID as the name.  | [optional] 
**Entity** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The entity to use for the run. This allows you to set the team or username of the WandB user that you would like associated with the run. If not set, the default entity for the registered WandB API key is used.  | [optional] 
**Tags** | Pointer to **[]string** | A list of tags to be attached to the newly created run. These tags are passed through directly to WandB. Some default tags are generated by OpenAI: \&quot;openai/finetune\&quot;, \&quot;openai/{base-model}\&quot;, \&quot;openai/{ftjob-abcdef}\&quot;.  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewCreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb

`func NewCreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb(project string, ) *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb`

NewCreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb instantiates a new CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewCreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandbWithDefaults

`func NewCreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandbWithDefaults() *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb`

NewCreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandbWithDefaults instantiates a new CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetProject

`func (o *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb) GetProject() string`

GetProject returns the Project field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProjectOk

`func (o *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb) GetProjectOk() (*string, bool)`

GetProjectOk returns a tuple with the Project field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProject

`func (o *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb) SetProject(v string)`

SetProject sets Project field to given value.


### GetName

`func (o *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetNameNil

`func (o *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb) SetNameNil(b bool)`

 SetNameNil sets the value for Name to be an explicit nil

### UnsetName
`func (o *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb) UnsetName()`

UnsetName ensures that no value is present for Name, not even an explicit nil
### GetEntity

`func (o *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb) GetEntity() string`

GetEntity returns the Entity field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEntityOk

`func (o *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb) GetEntityOk() (*string, bool)`

GetEntityOk returns a tuple with the Entity field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEntity

`func (o *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb) SetEntity(v string)`

SetEntity sets Entity field to given value.

### HasEntity

`func (o *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb) HasEntity() bool`

HasEntity returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetEntityNil

`func (o *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb) SetEntityNil(b bool)`

 SetEntityNil sets the value for Entity to be an explicit nil

### UnsetEntity
`func (o *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb) UnsetEntity()`

UnsetEntity ensures that no value is present for Entity, not even an explicit nil
### GetTags

`func (o *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb) GetTags() []string`

GetTags returns the Tags field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTagsOk

`func (o *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb) GetTagsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetTagsOk returns a tuple with the Tags field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTags

`func (o *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb) SetTags(v []string)`

SetTags sets Tags field to given value.

### HasTags

`func (o *CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb) HasTags() bool`

HasTags returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


