# CreateMessageRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Role** | **string** | The role of the entity that is creating the message. Allowed values include: - &#x60;user&#x60;: Indicates the message is sent by an actual user and should be used in most cases to represent user-generated messages. - &#x60;assistant&#x60;: Indicates the message is generated by the assistant. Use this value to insert messages from the assistant into the conversation.  | 
**Content** | [**CreateMessageRequestContent**](CreateMessageRequestContent.md) |  | 
**Attachments** | Pointer to [**[]CreateMessageRequestAttachmentsInner**](CreateMessageRequestAttachmentsInner.md) | A list of files attached to the message, and the tools they should be added to. | [optional] 
**Metadata** | Pointer to **map[string]interface{}** | Set of 16 key-value pairs that can be attached to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Keys can be a maximum of 64 characters long and values can be a maximum of 512 characters long.  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewCreateMessageRequest

`func NewCreateMessageRequest(role string, content CreateMessageRequestContent, ) *CreateMessageRequest`

NewCreateMessageRequest instantiates a new CreateMessageRequest object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewCreateMessageRequestWithDefaults

`func NewCreateMessageRequestWithDefaults() *CreateMessageRequest`

NewCreateMessageRequestWithDefaults instantiates a new CreateMessageRequest object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetRole

`func (o *CreateMessageRequest) GetRole() string`

GetRole returns the Role field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRoleOk

`func (o *CreateMessageRequest) GetRoleOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRoleOk returns a tuple with the Role field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRole

`func (o *CreateMessageRequest) SetRole(v string)`

SetRole sets Role field to given value.


### GetContent

`func (o *CreateMessageRequest) GetContent() CreateMessageRequestContent`

GetContent returns the Content field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetContentOk

`func (o *CreateMessageRequest) GetContentOk() (*CreateMessageRequestContent, bool)`

GetContentOk returns a tuple with the Content field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetContent

`func (o *CreateMessageRequest) SetContent(v CreateMessageRequestContent)`

SetContent sets Content field to given value.


### GetAttachments

`func (o *CreateMessageRequest) GetAttachments() []CreateMessageRequestAttachmentsInner`

GetAttachments returns the Attachments field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAttachmentsOk

`func (o *CreateMessageRequest) GetAttachmentsOk() (*[]CreateMessageRequestAttachmentsInner, bool)`

GetAttachmentsOk returns a tuple with the Attachments field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAttachments

`func (o *CreateMessageRequest) SetAttachments(v []CreateMessageRequestAttachmentsInner)`

SetAttachments sets Attachments field to given value.

### HasAttachments

`func (o *CreateMessageRequest) HasAttachments() bool`

HasAttachments returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAttachmentsNil

`func (o *CreateMessageRequest) SetAttachmentsNil(b bool)`

 SetAttachmentsNil sets the value for Attachments to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAttachments
`func (o *CreateMessageRequest) UnsetAttachments()`

UnsetAttachments ensures that no value is present for Attachments, not even an explicit nil
### GetMetadata

`func (o *CreateMessageRequest) GetMetadata() map[string]interface{}`

GetMetadata returns the Metadata field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMetadataOk

`func (o *CreateMessageRequest) GetMetadataOk() (*map[string]interface{}, bool)`

GetMetadataOk returns a tuple with the Metadata field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMetadata

`func (o *CreateMessageRequest) SetMetadata(v map[string]interface{})`

SetMetadata sets Metadata field to given value.

### HasMetadata

`func (o *CreateMessageRequest) HasMetadata() bool`

HasMetadata returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetMetadataNil

`func (o *CreateMessageRequest) SetMetadataNil(b bool)`

 SetMetadataNil sets the value for Metadata to be an explicit nil

### UnsetMetadata
`func (o *CreateMessageRequest) UnsetMetadata()`

UnsetMetadata ensures that no value is present for Metadata, not even an explicit nil

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


