# CreateChatCompletionRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Messages** | [**[]ChatCompletionRequestMessage**](ChatCompletionRequestMessage.md) | A list of messages comprising the conversation so far. Depending on the [model](/docs/models) you use, different message types (modalities) are supported, like [text](/docs/guides/text-generation), [images](/docs/guides/vision), and [audio](/docs/guides/audio).  | 
**Model** | [**CreateChatCompletionRequestModel**](CreateChatCompletionRequestModel.md) |  | 
**Store** | Pointer to **NullableBool** | Whether or not to store the output of this chat completion request for  use in our [model distillation](/docs/guides/distillation) or [evals](/docs/guides/evals) products.  | [optional] [default to false]
**ReasoningEffort** | Pointer to **string** | **o1 models only**   Constrains effort on reasoning for  [reasoning models](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/reasoning). Currently supported values are &#x60;low&#x60;, &#x60;medium&#x60;, and &#x60;high&#x60;. Reducing reasoning effort can result in faster responses and fewer tokens used on reasoning in a response.  | [optional] [default to "medium"]
**Metadata** | Pointer to **map[string]string** | Developer-defined tags and values used for filtering completions in the [dashboard](https://platform.openai.com/chat-completions).  | [optional] 
**FrequencyPenalty** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on their existing frequency in the text so far, decreasing the model&#39;s likelihood to repeat the same line verbatim.  | [optional] [default to 0]
**LogitBias** | Pointer to **map[string]int32** | Modify the likelihood of specified tokens appearing in the completion.  Accepts a JSON object that maps tokens (specified by their token ID in the tokenizer) to an associated bias value from -100 to 100. Mathematically, the bias is added to the logits generated by the model prior to sampling. The exact effect will vary per model, but values between -1 and 1 should decrease or increase likelihood of selection; values like -100 or 100 should result in a ban or exclusive selection of the relevant token.  | [optional] 
**Logprobs** | Pointer to **NullableBool** | Whether to return log probabilities of the output tokens or not. If true, returns the log probabilities of each output token returned in the &#x60;content&#x60; of &#x60;message&#x60;.  | [optional] [default to false]
**TopLogprobs** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | An integer between 0 and 20 specifying the number of most likely tokens to return at each token position, each with an associated log probability. &#x60;logprobs&#x60; must be set to &#x60;true&#x60; if this parameter is used.  | [optional] 
**MaxTokens** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | The maximum number of [tokens](/tokenizer) that can be generated in the chat completion. This value can be used to control [costs](https://openai.com/api/pricing/) for text generated via API.  This value is now deprecated in favor of &#x60;max_completion_tokens&#x60;, and is not compatible with [o1 series models](/docs/guides/reasoning).  | [optional] 
**MaxCompletionTokens** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | An upper bound for the number of tokens that can be generated for a completion, including visible output tokens and [reasoning tokens](/docs/guides/reasoning).  | [optional] 
**N** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | How many chat completion choices to generate for each input message. Note that you will be charged based on the number of generated tokens across all of the choices. Keep &#x60;n&#x60; as &#x60;1&#x60; to minimize costs. | [optional] [default to 1]
**Modalities** | Pointer to **[]string** | Output types that you would like the model to generate for this request. Most models are capable of generating text, which is the default:  &#x60;[\&quot;text\&quot;]&#x60;  The &#x60;gpt-4o-audio-preview&#x60; model can also be used to [generate audio](/docs/guides/audio). To request that this model generate both text and audio responses, you can use:  &#x60;[\&quot;text\&quot;, \&quot;audio\&quot;]&#x60;  | [optional] 
**Prediction** | Pointer to [**NullablePredictionContent**](PredictionContent.md) |  | [optional] 
**Audio** | Pointer to [**NullableCreateChatCompletionRequestAudio**](CreateChatCompletionRequestAudio.md) |  | [optional] 
**PresencePenalty** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on whether they appear in the text so far, increasing the model&#39;s likelihood to talk about new topics.  | [optional] [default to 0]
**ResponseFormat** | Pointer to [**CreateChatCompletionRequestResponseFormat**](CreateChatCompletionRequestResponseFormat.md) |  | [optional] 
**Seed** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | This feature is in Beta. If specified, our system will make a best effort to sample deterministically, such that repeated requests with the same &#x60;seed&#x60; and parameters should return the same result. Determinism is not guaranteed, and you should refer to the &#x60;system_fingerprint&#x60; response parameter to monitor changes in the backend.  | [optional] 
**ServiceTier** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Specifies the latency tier to use for processing the request. This parameter is relevant for customers subscribed to the scale tier service:    - If set to &#39;auto&#39;, and the Project is Scale tier enabled, the system will utilize scale tier credits until they are exhausted.   - If set to &#39;auto&#39;, and the Project is not Scale tier enabled, the request will be processed using the default service tier with a lower uptime SLA and no latency guarentee.   - If set to &#39;default&#39;, the request will be processed using the default service tier with a lower uptime SLA and no latency guarentee.   - When not set, the default behavior is &#39;auto&#39;.    When this parameter is set, the response body will include the &#x60;service_tier&#x60; utilized.  | [optional] [default to "auto"]
**Stop** | Pointer to [**CreateChatCompletionRequestStop**](CreateChatCompletionRequestStop.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Stream** | Pointer to **NullableBool** | If set, partial message deltas will be sent, like in ChatGPT. Tokens will be sent as data-only [server-sent events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Server-sent_events/Using_server-sent_events#Event_stream_format) as they become available, with the stream terminated by a &#x60;data: [DONE]&#x60; message. [Example Python code](https://cookbook.openai.com/examples/how_to_stream_completions).  | [optional] [default to false]
**StreamOptions** | Pointer to [**NullableChatCompletionStreamOptions**](ChatCompletionStreamOptions.md) |  | [optional] 
**Temperature** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | What sampling temperature to use, between 0 and 2. Higher values like 0.8 will make the output more random, while lower values like 0.2 will make it more focused and deterministic. We generally recommend altering this or &#x60;top_p&#x60; but not both.  | [optional] [default to 1]
**TopP** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling, where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. So 0.1 means only the tokens comprising the top 10% probability mass are considered.  We generally recommend altering this or &#x60;temperature&#x60; but not both.  | [optional] [default to 1]
**Tools** | Pointer to [**[]ChatCompletionTool**](ChatCompletionTool.md) | A list of tools the model may call. Currently, only functions are supported as a tool. Use this to provide a list of functions the model may generate JSON inputs for. A max of 128 functions are supported.  | [optional] 
**ToolChoice** | Pointer to [**ChatCompletionToolChoiceOption**](ChatCompletionToolChoiceOption.md) |  | [optional] 
**ParallelToolCalls** | Pointer to **bool** | Whether to enable [parallel function calling](/docs/guides/function-calling#configuring-parallel-function-calling) during tool use. | [optional] [default to true]
**User** | Pointer to **string** | A unique identifier representing your end-user, which can help OpenAI to monitor and detect abuse. [Learn more](/docs/guides/safety-best-practices#end-user-ids).  | [optional] 
**FunctionCall** | Pointer to [**CreateChatCompletionRequestFunctionCall**](CreateChatCompletionRequestFunctionCall.md) |  | [optional] 
**Functions** | Pointer to [**[]ChatCompletionFunctions**](ChatCompletionFunctions.md) | Deprecated in favor of &#x60;tools&#x60;.  A list of functions the model may generate JSON inputs for.  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewCreateChatCompletionRequest

`func NewCreateChatCompletionRequest(messages []ChatCompletionRequestMessage, model CreateChatCompletionRequestModel, ) *CreateChatCompletionRequest`

NewCreateChatCompletionRequest instantiates a new CreateChatCompletionRequest object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewCreateChatCompletionRequestWithDefaults

`func NewCreateChatCompletionRequestWithDefaults() *CreateChatCompletionRequest`

NewCreateChatCompletionRequestWithDefaults instantiates a new CreateChatCompletionRequest object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetMessages

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetMessages() []ChatCompletionRequestMessage`

GetMessages returns the Messages field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMessagesOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetMessagesOk() (*[]ChatCompletionRequestMessage, bool)`

GetMessagesOk returns a tuple with the Messages field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMessages

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetMessages(v []ChatCompletionRequestMessage)`

SetMessages sets Messages field to given value.


### GetModel

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetModel() CreateChatCompletionRequestModel`

GetModel returns the Model field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetModelOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetModelOk() (*CreateChatCompletionRequestModel, bool)`

GetModelOk returns a tuple with the Model field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetModel

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetModel(v CreateChatCompletionRequestModel)`

SetModel sets Model field to given value.


### GetStore

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetStore() bool`

GetStore returns the Store field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStoreOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetStoreOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetStoreOk returns a tuple with the Store field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStore

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetStore(v bool)`

SetStore sets Store field to given value.

### HasStore

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasStore() bool`

HasStore returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetStoreNil

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetStoreNil(b bool)`

 SetStoreNil sets the value for Store to be an explicit nil

### UnsetStore
`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) UnsetStore()`

UnsetStore ensures that no value is present for Store, not even an explicit nil
### GetReasoningEffort

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetReasoningEffort() string`

GetReasoningEffort returns the ReasoningEffort field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReasoningEffortOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetReasoningEffortOk() (*string, bool)`

GetReasoningEffortOk returns a tuple with the ReasoningEffort field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReasoningEffort

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetReasoningEffort(v string)`

SetReasoningEffort sets ReasoningEffort field to given value.

### HasReasoningEffort

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasReasoningEffort() bool`

HasReasoningEffort returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMetadata

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetMetadata() map[string]string`

GetMetadata returns the Metadata field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMetadataOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetMetadataOk() (*map[string]string, bool)`

GetMetadataOk returns a tuple with the Metadata field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMetadata

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetMetadata(v map[string]string)`

SetMetadata sets Metadata field to given value.

### HasMetadata

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasMetadata() bool`

HasMetadata returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetMetadataNil

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetMetadataNil(b bool)`

 SetMetadataNil sets the value for Metadata to be an explicit nil

### UnsetMetadata
`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) UnsetMetadata()`

UnsetMetadata ensures that no value is present for Metadata, not even an explicit nil
### GetFrequencyPenalty

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetFrequencyPenalty() float32`

GetFrequencyPenalty returns the FrequencyPenalty field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFrequencyPenaltyOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetFrequencyPenaltyOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetFrequencyPenaltyOk returns a tuple with the FrequencyPenalty field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFrequencyPenalty

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetFrequencyPenalty(v float32)`

SetFrequencyPenalty sets FrequencyPenalty field to given value.

### HasFrequencyPenalty

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasFrequencyPenalty() bool`

HasFrequencyPenalty returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetFrequencyPenaltyNil

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetFrequencyPenaltyNil(b bool)`

 SetFrequencyPenaltyNil sets the value for FrequencyPenalty to be an explicit nil

### UnsetFrequencyPenalty
`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) UnsetFrequencyPenalty()`

UnsetFrequencyPenalty ensures that no value is present for FrequencyPenalty, not even an explicit nil
### GetLogitBias

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetLogitBias() map[string]int32`

GetLogitBias returns the LogitBias field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogitBiasOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetLogitBiasOk() (*map[string]int32, bool)`

GetLogitBiasOk returns a tuple with the LogitBias field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogitBias

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetLogitBias(v map[string]int32)`

SetLogitBias sets LogitBias field to given value.

### HasLogitBias

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasLogitBias() bool`

HasLogitBias returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetLogitBiasNil

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetLogitBiasNil(b bool)`

 SetLogitBiasNil sets the value for LogitBias to be an explicit nil

### UnsetLogitBias
`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) UnsetLogitBias()`

UnsetLogitBias ensures that no value is present for LogitBias, not even an explicit nil
### GetLogprobs

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetLogprobs() bool`

GetLogprobs returns the Logprobs field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogprobsOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetLogprobsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogprobsOk returns a tuple with the Logprobs field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogprobs

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetLogprobs(v bool)`

SetLogprobs sets Logprobs field to given value.

### HasLogprobs

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasLogprobs() bool`

HasLogprobs returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetLogprobsNil

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetLogprobsNil(b bool)`

 SetLogprobsNil sets the value for Logprobs to be an explicit nil

### UnsetLogprobs
`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) UnsetLogprobs()`

UnsetLogprobs ensures that no value is present for Logprobs, not even an explicit nil
### GetTopLogprobs

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetTopLogprobs() int32`

GetTopLogprobs returns the TopLogprobs field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTopLogprobsOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetTopLogprobsOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetTopLogprobsOk returns a tuple with the TopLogprobs field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTopLogprobs

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetTopLogprobs(v int32)`

SetTopLogprobs sets TopLogprobs field to given value.

### HasTopLogprobs

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasTopLogprobs() bool`

HasTopLogprobs returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTopLogprobsNil

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetTopLogprobsNil(b bool)`

 SetTopLogprobsNil sets the value for TopLogprobs to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTopLogprobs
`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) UnsetTopLogprobs()`

UnsetTopLogprobs ensures that no value is present for TopLogprobs, not even an explicit nil
### GetMaxTokens

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetMaxTokens() int32`

GetMaxTokens returns the MaxTokens field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaxTokensOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetMaxTokensOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMaxTokensOk returns a tuple with the MaxTokens field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaxTokens

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetMaxTokens(v int32)`

SetMaxTokens sets MaxTokens field to given value.

### HasMaxTokens

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasMaxTokens() bool`

HasMaxTokens returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetMaxTokensNil

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetMaxTokensNil(b bool)`

 SetMaxTokensNil sets the value for MaxTokens to be an explicit nil

### UnsetMaxTokens
`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) UnsetMaxTokens()`

UnsetMaxTokens ensures that no value is present for MaxTokens, not even an explicit nil
### GetMaxCompletionTokens

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetMaxCompletionTokens() int32`

GetMaxCompletionTokens returns the MaxCompletionTokens field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaxCompletionTokensOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetMaxCompletionTokensOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMaxCompletionTokensOk returns a tuple with the MaxCompletionTokens field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaxCompletionTokens

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetMaxCompletionTokens(v int32)`

SetMaxCompletionTokens sets MaxCompletionTokens field to given value.

### HasMaxCompletionTokens

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasMaxCompletionTokens() bool`

HasMaxCompletionTokens returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetMaxCompletionTokensNil

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetMaxCompletionTokensNil(b bool)`

 SetMaxCompletionTokensNil sets the value for MaxCompletionTokens to be an explicit nil

### UnsetMaxCompletionTokens
`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) UnsetMaxCompletionTokens()`

UnsetMaxCompletionTokens ensures that no value is present for MaxCompletionTokens, not even an explicit nil
### GetN

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetN() int32`

GetN returns the N field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetNOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetNOk returns a tuple with the N field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetN

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetN(v int32)`

SetN sets N field to given value.

### HasN

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasN() bool`

HasN returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetNNil

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetNNil(b bool)`

 SetNNil sets the value for N to be an explicit nil

### UnsetN
`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) UnsetN()`

UnsetN ensures that no value is present for N, not even an explicit nil
### GetModalities

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetModalities() []string`

GetModalities returns the Modalities field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetModalitiesOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetModalitiesOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetModalitiesOk returns a tuple with the Modalities field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetModalities

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetModalities(v []string)`

SetModalities sets Modalities field to given value.

### HasModalities

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasModalities() bool`

HasModalities returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetModalitiesNil

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetModalitiesNil(b bool)`

 SetModalitiesNil sets the value for Modalities to be an explicit nil

### UnsetModalities
`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) UnsetModalities()`

UnsetModalities ensures that no value is present for Modalities, not even an explicit nil
### GetPrediction

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetPrediction() PredictionContent`

GetPrediction returns the Prediction field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPredictionOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetPredictionOk() (*PredictionContent, bool)`

GetPredictionOk returns a tuple with the Prediction field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPrediction

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetPrediction(v PredictionContent)`

SetPrediction sets Prediction field to given value.

### HasPrediction

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasPrediction() bool`

HasPrediction returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetPredictionNil

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetPredictionNil(b bool)`

 SetPredictionNil sets the value for Prediction to be an explicit nil

### UnsetPrediction
`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) UnsetPrediction()`

UnsetPrediction ensures that no value is present for Prediction, not even an explicit nil
### GetAudio

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetAudio() CreateChatCompletionRequestAudio`

GetAudio returns the Audio field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAudioOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetAudioOk() (*CreateChatCompletionRequestAudio, bool)`

GetAudioOk returns a tuple with the Audio field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAudio

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetAudio(v CreateChatCompletionRequestAudio)`

SetAudio sets Audio field to given value.

### HasAudio

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasAudio() bool`

HasAudio returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAudioNil

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetAudioNil(b bool)`

 SetAudioNil sets the value for Audio to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAudio
`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) UnsetAudio()`

UnsetAudio ensures that no value is present for Audio, not even an explicit nil
### GetPresencePenalty

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetPresencePenalty() float32`

GetPresencePenalty returns the PresencePenalty field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPresencePenaltyOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetPresencePenaltyOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetPresencePenaltyOk returns a tuple with the PresencePenalty field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPresencePenalty

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetPresencePenalty(v float32)`

SetPresencePenalty sets PresencePenalty field to given value.

### HasPresencePenalty

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasPresencePenalty() bool`

HasPresencePenalty returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetPresencePenaltyNil

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetPresencePenaltyNil(b bool)`

 SetPresencePenaltyNil sets the value for PresencePenalty to be an explicit nil

### UnsetPresencePenalty
`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) UnsetPresencePenalty()`

UnsetPresencePenalty ensures that no value is present for PresencePenalty, not even an explicit nil
### GetResponseFormat

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetResponseFormat() CreateChatCompletionRequestResponseFormat`

GetResponseFormat returns the ResponseFormat field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetResponseFormatOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetResponseFormatOk() (*CreateChatCompletionRequestResponseFormat, bool)`

GetResponseFormatOk returns a tuple with the ResponseFormat field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetResponseFormat

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetResponseFormat(v CreateChatCompletionRequestResponseFormat)`

SetResponseFormat sets ResponseFormat field to given value.

### HasResponseFormat

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasResponseFormat() bool`

HasResponseFormat returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSeed

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetSeed() int32`

GetSeed returns the Seed field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSeedOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetSeedOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetSeedOk returns a tuple with the Seed field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSeed

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetSeed(v int32)`

SetSeed sets Seed field to given value.

### HasSeed

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasSeed() bool`

HasSeed returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSeedNil

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetSeedNil(b bool)`

 SetSeedNil sets the value for Seed to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSeed
`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) UnsetSeed()`

UnsetSeed ensures that no value is present for Seed, not even an explicit nil
### GetServiceTier

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetServiceTier() string`

GetServiceTier returns the ServiceTier field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetServiceTierOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetServiceTierOk() (*string, bool)`

GetServiceTierOk returns a tuple with the ServiceTier field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetServiceTier

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetServiceTier(v string)`

SetServiceTier sets ServiceTier field to given value.

### HasServiceTier

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasServiceTier() bool`

HasServiceTier returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetServiceTierNil

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetServiceTierNil(b bool)`

 SetServiceTierNil sets the value for ServiceTier to be an explicit nil

### UnsetServiceTier
`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) UnsetServiceTier()`

UnsetServiceTier ensures that no value is present for ServiceTier, not even an explicit nil
### GetStop

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetStop() CreateChatCompletionRequestStop`

GetStop returns the Stop field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStopOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetStopOk() (*CreateChatCompletionRequestStop, bool)`

GetStopOk returns a tuple with the Stop field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStop

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetStop(v CreateChatCompletionRequestStop)`

SetStop sets Stop field to given value.

### HasStop

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasStop() bool`

HasStop returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStream

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetStream() bool`

GetStream returns the Stream field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStreamOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetStreamOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetStreamOk returns a tuple with the Stream field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStream

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetStream(v bool)`

SetStream sets Stream field to given value.

### HasStream

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasStream() bool`

HasStream returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetStreamNil

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetStreamNil(b bool)`

 SetStreamNil sets the value for Stream to be an explicit nil

### UnsetStream
`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) UnsetStream()`

UnsetStream ensures that no value is present for Stream, not even an explicit nil
### GetStreamOptions

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetStreamOptions() ChatCompletionStreamOptions`

GetStreamOptions returns the StreamOptions field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStreamOptionsOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetStreamOptionsOk() (*ChatCompletionStreamOptions, bool)`

GetStreamOptionsOk returns a tuple with the StreamOptions field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStreamOptions

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetStreamOptions(v ChatCompletionStreamOptions)`

SetStreamOptions sets StreamOptions field to given value.

### HasStreamOptions

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasStreamOptions() bool`

HasStreamOptions returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetStreamOptionsNil

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetStreamOptionsNil(b bool)`

 SetStreamOptionsNil sets the value for StreamOptions to be an explicit nil

### UnsetStreamOptions
`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) UnsetStreamOptions()`

UnsetStreamOptions ensures that no value is present for StreamOptions, not even an explicit nil
### GetTemperature

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetTemperature() float32`

GetTemperature returns the Temperature field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTemperatureOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetTemperatureOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetTemperatureOk returns a tuple with the Temperature field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTemperature

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetTemperature(v float32)`

SetTemperature sets Temperature field to given value.

### HasTemperature

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasTemperature() bool`

HasTemperature returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTemperatureNil

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetTemperatureNil(b bool)`

 SetTemperatureNil sets the value for Temperature to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTemperature
`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) UnsetTemperature()`

UnsetTemperature ensures that no value is present for Temperature, not even an explicit nil
### GetTopP

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetTopP() float32`

GetTopP returns the TopP field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTopPOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetTopPOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetTopPOk returns a tuple with the TopP field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTopP

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetTopP(v float32)`

SetTopP sets TopP field to given value.

### HasTopP

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasTopP() bool`

HasTopP returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTopPNil

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetTopPNil(b bool)`

 SetTopPNil sets the value for TopP to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTopP
`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) UnsetTopP()`

UnsetTopP ensures that no value is present for TopP, not even an explicit nil
### GetTools

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetTools() []ChatCompletionTool`

GetTools returns the Tools field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetToolsOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetToolsOk() (*[]ChatCompletionTool, bool)`

GetToolsOk returns a tuple with the Tools field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTools

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetTools(v []ChatCompletionTool)`

SetTools sets Tools field to given value.

### HasTools

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasTools() bool`

HasTools returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetToolChoice

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetToolChoice() ChatCompletionToolChoiceOption`

GetToolChoice returns the ToolChoice field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetToolChoiceOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetToolChoiceOk() (*ChatCompletionToolChoiceOption, bool)`

GetToolChoiceOk returns a tuple with the ToolChoice field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetToolChoice

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetToolChoice(v ChatCompletionToolChoiceOption)`

SetToolChoice sets ToolChoice field to given value.

### HasToolChoice

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasToolChoice() bool`

HasToolChoice returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetParallelToolCalls

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetParallelToolCalls() bool`

GetParallelToolCalls returns the ParallelToolCalls field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetParallelToolCallsOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetParallelToolCallsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetParallelToolCallsOk returns a tuple with the ParallelToolCalls field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetParallelToolCalls

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetParallelToolCalls(v bool)`

SetParallelToolCalls sets ParallelToolCalls field to given value.

### HasParallelToolCalls

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasParallelToolCalls() bool`

HasParallelToolCalls returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUser

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetUser() string`

GetUser returns the User field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUserOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetUserOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUserOk returns a tuple with the User field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUser

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetUser(v string)`

SetUser sets User field to given value.

### HasUser

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasUser() bool`

HasUser returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFunctionCall

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetFunctionCall() CreateChatCompletionRequestFunctionCall`

GetFunctionCall returns the FunctionCall field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFunctionCallOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetFunctionCallOk() (*CreateChatCompletionRequestFunctionCall, bool)`

GetFunctionCallOk returns a tuple with the FunctionCall field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFunctionCall

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetFunctionCall(v CreateChatCompletionRequestFunctionCall)`

SetFunctionCall sets FunctionCall field to given value.

### HasFunctionCall

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasFunctionCall() bool`

HasFunctionCall returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFunctions

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetFunctions() []ChatCompletionFunctions`

GetFunctions returns the Functions field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFunctionsOk

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) GetFunctionsOk() (*[]ChatCompletionFunctions, bool)`

GetFunctionsOk returns a tuple with the Functions field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFunctions

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) SetFunctions(v []ChatCompletionFunctions)`

SetFunctions sets Functions field to given value.

### HasFunctions

`func (o *CreateChatCompletionRequest) HasFunctions() bool`

HasFunctions returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


