# RealtimeConversationItem

The item to add to the conversation.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **str** | The unique ID of the item, this can be generated by the client to help  manage server-side context, but is not required because the server will  generate one if not provided.  | [optional] 
**type** | **str** | The type of the item (&#x60;message&#x60;, &#x60;function_call&#x60;, &#x60;function_call_output&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**object** | **str** | Identifier for the API object being returned - always &#x60;realtime.item&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | The status of the item (&#x60;completed&#x60;, &#x60;incomplete&#x60;). These have no effect  on the conversation, but are accepted for consistency with the  &#x60;conversation.item.created&#x60; event.  | [optional] 
**role** | **str** | The role of the message sender (&#x60;user&#x60;, &#x60;assistant&#x60;, &#x60;system&#x60;), only  applicable for &#x60;message&#x60; items.  | [optional] 
**content** | [**List[RealtimeConversationItemContentInner]**](RealtimeConversationItemContentInner.md) | The content of the message, applicable for &#x60;message&#x60; items.  - Message items of role &#x60;system&#x60; support only &#x60;input_text&#x60; content - Message items of role &#x60;user&#x60; support &#x60;input_text&#x60; and &#x60;input_audio&#x60;    content - Message items of role &#x60;assistant&#x60; support &#x60;text&#x60; content.  | [optional] 
**call_id** | **str** | The ID of the function call (for &#x60;function_call&#x60; and  &#x60;function_call_output&#x60; items). If passed on a &#x60;function_call_output&#x60;  item, the server will check that a &#x60;function_call&#x60; item with the same  ID exists in the conversation history.  | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The name of the function being called (for &#x60;function_call&#x60; items).  | [optional] 
**arguments** | **str** | The arguments of the function call (for &#x60;function_call&#x60; items).  | [optional] 
**output** | **str** | The output of the function call (for &#x60;function_call_output&#x60; items).  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapiopenai.models.realtime_conversation_item import RealtimeConversationItem

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of RealtimeConversationItem from a JSON string
realtime_conversation_item_instance = RealtimeConversationItem.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(RealtimeConversationItem.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
realtime_conversation_item_dict = realtime_conversation_item_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of RealtimeConversationItem from a dict
realtime_conversation_item_from_dict = RealtimeConversationItem.from_dict(realtime_conversation_item_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


