

# RealtimeConversationItem

The item to add to the conversation.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** | The unique ID of the item, this can be generated by the client to help  manage server-side context, but is not required because the server will  generate one if not provided.  |  [optional]
**`type`** | [**`Type`**](#`Type`) | The type of the item (&#x60;message&#x60;, &#x60;function_call&#x60;, &#x60;function_call_output&#x60;).  |  [optional]
**`object`** | [**`Object`**](#`Object`) | Identifier for the API object being returned - always &#x60;realtime.item&#x60;.  |  [optional]
**status** | [**Status**](#Status) | The status of the item (&#x60;completed&#x60;, &#x60;incomplete&#x60;). These have no effect  on the conversation, but are accepted for consistency with the  &#x60;conversation.item.created&#x60; event.  |  [optional]
**role** | [**Role**](#Role) | The role of the message sender (&#x60;user&#x60;, &#x60;assistant&#x60;, &#x60;system&#x60;), only  applicable for &#x60;message&#x60; items.  |  [optional]
**content** | [**Seq&lt;RealtimeConversationItemContentInner&gt;**](RealtimeConversationItemContentInner.md) | The content of the message, applicable for &#x60;message&#x60; items.  - Message items of role &#x60;system&#x60; support only &#x60;input_text&#x60; content - Message items of role &#x60;user&#x60; support &#x60;input_text&#x60; and &#x60;input_audio&#x60;    content - Message items of role &#x60;assistant&#x60; support &#x60;text&#x60; content.  |  [optional]
**callId** | **String** | The ID of the function call (for &#x60;function_call&#x60; and  &#x60;function_call_output&#x60; items). If passed on a &#x60;function_call_output&#x60;  item, the server will check that a &#x60;function_call&#x60; item with the same  ID exists in the conversation history.  |  [optional]
**name** | **String** | The name of the function being called (for &#x60;function_call&#x60; items).  |  [optional]
**arguments** | **String** | The arguments of the function call (for &#x60;function_call&#x60; items).  |  [optional]
**output** | **String** | The output of the function call (for &#x60;function_call_output&#x60; items).  |  [optional]


## Enum: `Type`
Allowed values: [message, function_call, function_call_output]



## Enum: `Object`
Allowed values: [realtime.item]



## Enum: Status
Allowed values: [completed, incomplete]



## Enum: Role
Allowed values: [user, assistant, system]




