# CreateChatCompletionRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**messages** | [**Vec<models::ChatCompletionRequestMessage>**](ChatCompletionRequestMessage.md) | A list of messages comprising the conversation so far. Depending on the [model](/docs/models) you use, different message types (modalities) are supported, like [text](/docs/guides/text-generation), [images](/docs/guides/vision), and [audio](/docs/guides/audio).  | 
**model** | [***models::CreateChatCompletionRequestModel**](CreateChatCompletionRequest_model.md) |  | 
**store** | **swagger::Nullable<bool>** | Whether or not to store the output of this chat completion request for  use in our [model distillation](/docs/guides/distillation) or [evals](/docs/guides/evals) products.  | [optional] [default to Some(swagger::Nullable::Present(false))]
**reasoning_effort** | [***models::CreateChatCompletionRequestReasoningEffort**](CreateChatCompletionRequest_reasoning_effort.md) |  | [optional] [default to None]
**metadata** | **swagger::Nullable<std::collections::HashMap<String, String>>** | Developer-defined tags and values used for filtering completions in the [dashboard](https://platform.openai.com/chat-completions).  | [optional] [default to None]
**frequency_penalty** | **swagger::Nullable<f64>** | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on their existing frequency in the text so far, decreasing the model's likelihood to repeat the same line verbatim.  | [optional] [default to Some(swagger::Nullable::Present(0))]
**logit_bias** | **swagger::Nullable<std::collections::HashMap<String, i32>>** | Modify the likelihood of specified tokens appearing in the completion.  Accepts a JSON object that maps tokens (specified by their token ID in the tokenizer) to an associated bias value from -100 to 100. Mathematically, the bias is added to the logits generated by the model prior to sampling. The exact effect will vary per model, but values between -1 and 1 should decrease or increase likelihood of selection; values like -100 or 100 should result in a ban or exclusive selection of the relevant token.  | [optional] [default to None]
**logprobs** | **swagger::Nullable<bool>** | Whether to return log probabilities of the output tokens or not. If true, returns the log probabilities of each output token returned in the `content` of `message`.  | [optional] [default to Some(swagger::Nullable::Present(false))]
**top_logprobs** | **u8** | An integer between 0 and 20 specifying the number of most likely tokens to return at each token position, each with an associated log probability. `logprobs` must be set to `true` if this parameter is used.  | [optional] [default to None]
**max_tokens** | **i32** | The maximum number of [tokens](/tokenizer) that can be generated in the chat completion. This value can be used to control [costs](https://openai.com/api/pricing/) for text generated via API.  This value is now deprecated in favor of `max_completion_tokens`, and is not compatible with [o1 series models](/docs/guides/reasoning).  | [optional] [default to None]
**max_completion_tokens** | **i32** | An upper bound for the number of tokens that can be generated for a completion, including visible output tokens and [reasoning tokens](/docs/guides/reasoning).  | [optional] [default to None]
**n** | **u8** | How many chat completion choices to generate for each input message. Note that you will be charged based on the number of generated tokens across all of the choices. Keep `n` as `1` to minimize costs. | [optional] [default to Some(swagger::Nullable::Present(1))]
**modalities** | [**swagger::Nullable<Vec<models::ChatCompletionModalitiesInner>>**](ChatCompletionModalities_inner.md) | Output types that you would like the model to generate for this request. Most models are capable of generating text, which is the default:  `[\"text\"]`  The `gpt-4o-audio-preview` model can also be used to [generate audio](/docs/guides/audio). To request that this model generate both text and audio responses, you can use:  `[\"text\", \"audio\"]`  | [optional] [default to None]
**prediction** | [***models::PredictionContent**](PredictionContent.md) |  | [optional] [default to None]
**audio** | [***swagger::Nullable<models::CreateChatCompletionRequestAudio>**](CreateChatCompletionRequest_audio.md) |  | [optional] [default to None]
**presence_penalty** | **swagger::Nullable<f64>** | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on whether they appear in the text so far, increasing the model's likelihood to talk about new topics.  | [optional] [default to Some(swagger::Nullable::Present(0))]
**response_format** | [***models::CreateChatCompletionRequestResponseFormat**](CreateChatCompletionRequest_response_format.md) |  | [optional] [default to None]
**seed** | **i128** | This feature is in Beta. If specified, our system will make a best effort to sample deterministically, such that repeated requests with the same `seed` and parameters should return the same result. Determinism is not guaranteed, and you should refer to the `system_fingerprint` response parameter to monitor changes in the backend.  | [optional] [default to None]
**service_tier** | [***swagger::Nullable<models::CreateChatCompletionRequestServiceTier>**](CreateChatCompletionRequest_service_tier.md) |  | [optional] [default to None]
**stop** | [***models::CreateChatCompletionRequestStop**](CreateChatCompletionRequest_stop.md) |  | [optional] [default to None]
**stream** | **swagger::Nullable<bool>** | If set, partial message deltas will be sent, like in ChatGPT. Tokens will be sent as data-only [server-sent events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Server-sent_events/Using_server-sent_events#Event_stream_format) as they become available, with the stream terminated by a `data: [DONE]` message. [Example Python code](https://cookbook.openai.com/examples/how_to_stream_completions).  | [optional] [default to Some(swagger::Nullable::Present(false))]
**stream_options** | [***swagger::Nullable<models::ChatCompletionStreamOptions>**](ChatCompletionStreamOptions.md) |  | [optional] [default to None]
**temperature** | **swagger::Nullable<f64>** | What sampling temperature to use, between 0 and 2. Higher values like 0.8 will make the output more random, while lower values like 0.2 will make it more focused and deterministic. We generally recommend altering this or `top_p` but not both.  | [optional] [default to Some(swagger::Nullable::Present(1))]
**top_p** | **swagger::Nullable<f64>** | An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling, where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. So 0.1 means only the tokens comprising the top 10% probability mass are considered.  We generally recommend altering this or `temperature` but not both.  | [optional] [default to Some(swagger::Nullable::Present(1))]
**tools** | [**Vec<models::ChatCompletionTool>**](ChatCompletionTool.md) | A list of tools the model may call. Currently, only functions are supported as a tool. Use this to provide a list of functions the model may generate JSON inputs for. A max of 128 functions are supported.  | [optional] [default to None]
**tool_choice** | [***models::ChatCompletionToolChoiceOption**](ChatCompletionToolChoiceOption.md) |  | [optional] [default to None]
**parallel_tool_calls** | **bool** | Whether to enable [parallel function calling](/docs/guides/function-calling#configuring-parallel-function-calling) during tool use. | [optional] [default to Some(true)]
**user** | **String** | A unique identifier representing your end-user, which can help OpenAI to monitor and detect abuse. [Learn more](/docs/guides/safety-best-practices#end-user-ids).  | [optional] [default to None]
**function_call** | [***models::CreateChatCompletionRequestFunctionCall**](CreateChatCompletionRequest_function_call.md) |  | [optional] [default to None]
**functions** | [**Vec<models::ChatCompletionFunctions>**](ChatCompletionFunctions.md) | Deprecated in favor of `tools`.  A list of functions the model may generate JSON inputs for.  | [optional] [default to None]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


