# RealtimeConversationItem

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** | The unique ID of the item, this can be generated by the client to help  manage server-side context, but is not required because the server will  generate one if not provided.  | [optional] [default to None]
**r#type** | [***models::RealtimeConversationItemType**](RealtimeConversationItem_type.md) |  | [optional] [default to None]
**object** | [***models::RealtimeConversationItemObject**](RealtimeConversationItem_object.md) |  | [optional] [default to None]
**status** | [***models::RealtimeConversationItemStatus**](RealtimeConversationItem_status.md) |  | [optional] [default to None]
**role** | [***models::RealtimeConversationItemRole**](RealtimeConversationItem_role.md) |  | [optional] [default to None]
**content** | [**Vec<models::RealtimeConversationItemContentInner>**](RealtimeConversationItem_content_inner.md) | The content of the message, applicable for `message` items.  - Message items of role `system` support only `input_text` content - Message items of role `user` support `input_text` and `input_audio`    content - Message items of role `assistant` support `text` content.  | [optional] [default to None]
**call_id** | **String** | The ID of the function call (for `function_call` and  `function_call_output` items). If passed on a `function_call_output`  item, the server will check that a `function_call` item with the same  ID exists in the conversation history.  | [optional] [default to None]
**name** | **String** | The name of the function being called (for `function_call` items).  | [optional] [default to None]
**arguments** | **String** | The arguments of the function call (for `function_call` items).  | [optional] [default to None]
**output** | **String** | The output of the function call (for `function_call_output` items).  | [optional] [default to None]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


