# Rust API for openapi_client

The OpenAI REST API. Please see https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference for more details.

## Overview

This client/server was generated by the [openapi-generator]
(https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the
[OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote
server, you can easily generate a server stub.

To see how to make this your own, look here:

[README]((https://openapi-generator.tech))

- API version: 2.3.0
- Build date: 2026-01-29T14:15:47.567842692Z[Etc/UTC]
- Generator version: 7.18.0

For more information, please visit [https://github.com/oapicf/openapi-openai](https://github.com/oapicf/openapi-openai)

This autogenerated project defines an API crate `openapi_client` which contains:
* An `Api` trait defining the API in Rust.
* Data types representing the underlying data model.
* A `Client` type which implements `Api` and issues HTTP requests for each operation.
* A router which accepts HTTP requests and invokes the appropriate `Api` method for each operation.
* A CLI tool to drive basic API operations from the command line.

It also contains an example server and client which make use of `openapi_client`:

* The example server starts up a web server using the `openapi_client`
    router, and supplies a trivial implementation of `Api` which returns failure
    for every operation.
* The example client provides a CLI which lets you invoke
    any single operation on the `openapi_client` client by passing appropriate
    arguments on the command line.

You can use the example server and client as a basis for your own code.
See below for [more detail on the examples](#using-the-generated-library).

## CLI

Run the included CLI tool with:

```
cargo run --bin cli --features=cli
```

To pass in arguments, put them after `--`, for example:

```
cargo run --bin cli --features=cli -- --help
```

See the help text for available options.

To build a standalone tool, use:

```
cargo build --bin cli --features=cli --release
```

You'll find the binary at `target/release/cli`.

## Examples

Run examples with:

```
cargo run --example <example-name>
```

To pass in arguments to the examples, put them after `--`, for example:

```
cargo run --example client -- --help
```

### Running the example server
To run the server, follow these simple steps:

```
cargo run --example server
```

### Running the example client
To run a client, follow one of the following simple steps:

```
cargo run --example client CreateThread
cargo run --example client ListAssistants
cargo run --example client DeleteAssistant
cargo run --example client DeleteThread
cargo run --example client GetAssistant
cargo run --example client GetThread
cargo run --example client ListMessages
cargo run --example client ListRuns
cargo run --example client CancelRun
cargo run --example client DeleteMessage
cargo run --example client GetMessage
cargo run --example client GetRun
cargo run --example client ListRunSteps
cargo run --example client GetRunStep
cargo run --example client ListAuditLogs
cargo run --example client ListBatches
cargo run --example client CancelBatch
cargo run --example client RetrieveBatch
cargo run --example client AdminApiKeysList
cargo run --example client AdminApiKeysDelete
cargo run --example client AdminApiKeysGet
cargo run --example client CreateFile
cargo run --example client ListFiles
cargo run --example client DeleteFile
cargo run --example client DownloadFile
cargo run --example client RetrieveFile
cargo run --example client ListPaginatedFineTuningJobs
cargo run --example client CancelFineTuningJob
cargo run --example client ListFineTuningEvents
cargo run --example client ListFineTuningJobCheckpoints
cargo run --example client RetrieveFineTuningJob
cargo run --example client CreateImageEdit
cargo run --example client CreateImageVariation
cargo run --example client ListInvites
cargo run --example client DeleteInvite
cargo run --example client RetrieveInvite
cargo run --example client ListModels
cargo run --example client DeleteModel
cargo run --example client RetrieveModel
cargo run --example client ListProjects
cargo run --example client ArchiveProject
cargo run --example client ListProjectApiKeys
cargo run --example client ListProjectRateLimits
cargo run --example client ListProjectServiceAccounts
cargo run --example client ListProjectUsers
cargo run --example client RetrieveProject
cargo run --example client DeleteProjectApiKey
cargo run --example client DeleteProjectServiceAccount
cargo run --example client DeleteProjectUser
cargo run --example client RetrieveProjectApiKey
cargo run --example client RetrieveProjectServiceAccount
cargo run --example client RetrieveProjectUser
cargo run --example client AddUploadPart
cargo run --example client CancelUpload
cargo run --example client UsageAudioSpeeches
cargo run --example client UsageAudioTranscriptions
cargo run --example client UsageCodeInterpreterSessions
cargo run --example client UsageCompletions
cargo run --example client UsageCosts
cargo run --example client UsageEmbeddings
cargo run --example client UsageImages
cargo run --example client UsageModerations
cargo run --example client UsageVectorStores
cargo run --example client ListUsers
cargo run --example client DeleteUser
cargo run --example client RetrieveUser
cargo run --example client ListVectorStores
cargo run --example client DeleteVectorStore
cargo run --example client GetVectorStore
cargo run --example client ListVectorStoreFiles
cargo run --example client CancelVectorStoreFileBatch
cargo run --example client DeleteVectorStoreFile
cargo run --example client GetVectorStoreFile
cargo run --example client GetVectorStoreFileBatch
cargo run --example client ListFilesInVectorStoreBatch
```

### HTTPS
The examples can be run in HTTPS mode by passing in the flag `--https`, for example:

```
cargo run --example server -- --https
```

This will use the keys/certificates from the examples directory. Note that the
server chain is signed with `CN=localhost`.

## Using the generated library

The generated library has a few optional features that can be activated through Cargo.

* `server`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a server implementation based on hyper
    * To create the server stack you'll need to provide an implementation of the API trait to provide the server function.
* `client`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a client implementation based on hyper
    * The constructed client implements the API trait by making remote API call.
* `conversions`
    * This defaults to disabled and creates extra derives on models to allow "transmogrification" between objects of structurally similar types.
* `cli`
    * This defaults to disabled and is required for building the included CLI tool.
* `validate`
    * This defaults to disabled and allows JSON Schema validation of received data using `MakeService::set_validation` or `Service::set_validation`.
    * Note, enabling validation will have a performance penalty, especially if the API heavily uses regex based checks.

See https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/manifest.html#the-features-section for how to use features in your `Cargo.toml`.

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.openai.com/v1*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**createAssistant**](docs/assistants_api.md#createAssistant) | **POST** /assistants | Create an assistant with a model and instructions.
[**createThread**](docs/assistants_api.md#createThread) | **POST** /threads | Create a thread.
[**createThreadAndRun**](docs/assistants_api.md#createThreadAndRun) | **POST** /threads/runs | Create a thread and run it in one request.
[**listAssistants**](docs/assistants_api.md#listAssistants) | **GET** /assistants | Returns a list of assistants.
[**createMessage**](docs/assistants_api.md#createMessage) | **POST** /threads/{thread_id}/messages | Create a message.
[**createRun**](docs/assistants_api.md#createRun) | **POST** /threads/{thread_id}/runs | Create a run.
[**deleteAssistant**](docs/assistants_api.md#deleteAssistant) | **DELETE** /assistants/{assistant_id} | Delete an assistant.
[**deleteThread**](docs/assistants_api.md#deleteThread) | **DELETE** /threads/{thread_id} | Delete a thread.
[**getAssistant**](docs/assistants_api.md#getAssistant) | **GET** /assistants/{assistant_id} | Retrieves an assistant.
[**getThread**](docs/assistants_api.md#getThread) | **GET** /threads/{thread_id} | Retrieves a thread.
[**listMessages**](docs/assistants_api.md#listMessages) | **GET** /threads/{thread_id}/messages | Returns a list of messages for a given thread.
[**listRuns**](docs/assistants_api.md#listRuns) | **GET** /threads/{thread_id}/runs | Returns a list of runs belonging to a thread.
[**modifyAssistant**](docs/assistants_api.md#modifyAssistant) | **POST** /assistants/{assistant_id} | Modifies an assistant.
[**modifyThread**](docs/assistants_api.md#modifyThread) | **POST** /threads/{thread_id} | Modifies a thread.
[**cancelRun**](docs/assistants_api.md#cancelRun) | **POST** /threads/{thread_id}/runs/{run_id}/cancel | Cancels a run that is `in_progress`.
[**deleteMessage**](docs/assistants_api.md#deleteMessage) | **DELETE** /threads/{thread_id}/messages/{message_id} | Deletes a message.
[**getMessage**](docs/assistants_api.md#getMessage) | **GET** /threads/{thread_id}/messages/{message_id} | Retrieve a message.
[**getRun**](docs/assistants_api.md#getRun) | **GET** /threads/{thread_id}/runs/{run_id} | Retrieves a run.
[**listRunSteps**](docs/assistants_api.md#listRunSteps) | **GET** /threads/{thread_id}/runs/{run_id}/steps | Returns a list of run steps belonging to a run.
[**modifyMessage**](docs/assistants_api.md#modifyMessage) | **POST** /threads/{thread_id}/messages/{message_id} | Modifies a message.
[**modifyRun**](docs/assistants_api.md#modifyRun) | **POST** /threads/{thread_id}/runs/{run_id} | Modifies a run.
[**submitToolOuputsToRun**](docs/assistants_api.md#submitToolOuputsToRun) | **POST** /threads/{thread_id}/runs/{run_id}/submit_tool_outputs | When a run has the `status: \"requires_action\"` and `required_action.type` is `submit_tool_outputs`, this endpoint can be used to submit the outputs from the tool calls once they're all completed. All outputs must be submitted in a single request. 
[**getRunStep**](docs/assistants_api.md#getRunStep) | **GET** /threads/{thread_id}/runs/{run_id}/steps/{step_id} | Retrieves a run step.
[**createSpeech**](docs/audio_api.md#createSpeech) | **POST** /audio/speech | Generates audio from the input text.
[**createTranscription**](docs/audio_api.md#createTranscription) | **POST** /audio/transcriptions | Transcribes audio into the input language.
[**createTranslation**](docs/audio_api.md#createTranslation) | **POST** /audio/translations | Translates audio into English.
[**list-audit-logs**](docs/audit_logs_api.md#list-audit-logs) | **GET** /organization/audit_logs | List user actions and configuration changes within this organization.
[**createBatch**](docs/batch_api.md#createBatch) | **POST** /batches | Creates and executes a batch from an uploaded file of requests
[**listBatches**](docs/batch_api.md#listBatches) | **GET** /batches | List your organization's batches.
[**cancelBatch**](docs/batch_api.md#cancelBatch) | **POST** /batches/{batch_id}/cancel | Cancels an in-progress batch. The batch will be in status `cancelling` for up to 10 minutes, before changing to `cancelled`, where it will have partial results (if any) available in the output file.
[**retrieveBatch**](docs/batch_api.md#retrieveBatch) | **GET** /batches/{batch_id} | Retrieves a batch.
[**createChatCompletion**](docs/chat_api.md#createChatCompletion) | **POST** /chat/completions | Creates a model response for the given chat conversation. Learn more in the [text generation](/docs/guides/text-generation), [vision](/docs/guides/vision), and [audio](/docs/guides/audio) guides.  Parameter support can differ depending on the model used to generate the response, particularly for newer reasoning models. Parameters that are only supported for reasoning models are noted below. For the current state of  unsupported parameters in reasoning models,  [refer to the reasoning guide](/docs/guides/reasoning). 
[**createCompletion**](docs/completions_api.md#createCompletion) | **POST** /completions | Creates a completion for the provided prompt and parameters.
[**admin-api-keys-create**](docs/default_api.md#admin-api-keys-create) | **POST** /organization/admin_api_keys | Create an organization admin API key
[**admin-api-keys-list**](docs/default_api.md#admin-api-keys-list) | **GET** /organization/admin_api_keys | List organization API keys
[**admin-api-keys-delete**](docs/default_api.md#admin-api-keys-delete) | **DELETE** /organization/admin_api_keys/{key_id} | Delete an organization admin API key
[**admin-api-keys-get**](docs/default_api.md#admin-api-keys-get) | **GET** /organization/admin_api_keys/{key_id} | Retrieve a single organization API key
[**createEmbedding**](docs/embeddings_api.md#createEmbedding) | **POST** /embeddings | Creates an embedding vector representing the input text.
[**createFile**](docs/files_api.md#createFile) | **POST** /files | Upload a file that can be used across various endpoints. Individual files can be up to 512 MB, and the size of all files uploaded by one organization can be up to 100 GB.  The Assistants API supports files up to 2 million tokens and of specific file types. See the [Assistants Tools guide](/docs/assistants/tools) for details.  The Fine-tuning API only supports `.jsonl` files. The input also has certain required formats for fine-tuning [chat](/docs/api-reference/fine-tuning/chat-input) or [completions](/docs/api-reference/fine-tuning/completions-input) models.  The Batch API only supports `.jsonl` files up to 200 MB in size. The input also has a specific required [format](/docs/api-reference/batch/request-input).  Please [contact us](https://help.openai.com/) if you need to increase these storage limits. 
[**listFiles**](docs/files_api.md#listFiles) | **GET** /files | Returns a list of files.
[**deleteFile**](docs/files_api.md#deleteFile) | **DELETE** /files/{file_id} | Delete a file.
[**downloadFile**](docs/files_api.md#downloadFile) | **GET** /files/{file_id}/content | Returns the contents of the specified file.
[**retrieveFile**](docs/files_api.md#retrieveFile) | **GET** /files/{file_id} | Returns information about a specific file.
[**createFineTuningJob**](docs/fine_tuning_api.md#createFineTuningJob) | **POST** /fine_tuning/jobs | Creates a fine-tuning job which begins the process of creating a new model from a given dataset.  Response includes details of the enqueued job including job status and the name of the fine-tuned models once complete.  [Learn more about fine-tuning](/docs/guides/fine-tuning) 
[**listPaginatedFineTuningJobs**](docs/fine_tuning_api.md#listPaginatedFineTuningJobs) | **GET** /fine_tuning/jobs | List your organization's fine-tuning jobs 
[**cancelFineTuningJob**](docs/fine_tuning_api.md#cancelFineTuningJob) | **POST** /fine_tuning/jobs/{fine_tuning_job_id}/cancel | Immediately cancel a fine-tune job. 
[**listFineTuningEvents**](docs/fine_tuning_api.md#listFineTuningEvents) | **GET** /fine_tuning/jobs/{fine_tuning_job_id}/events | Get status updates for a fine-tuning job. 
[**listFineTuningJobCheckpoints**](docs/fine_tuning_api.md#listFineTuningJobCheckpoints) | **GET** /fine_tuning/jobs/{fine_tuning_job_id}/checkpoints | List checkpoints for a fine-tuning job. 
[**retrieveFineTuningJob**](docs/fine_tuning_api.md#retrieveFineTuningJob) | **GET** /fine_tuning/jobs/{fine_tuning_job_id} | Get info about a fine-tuning job.  [Learn more about fine-tuning](/docs/guides/fine-tuning) 
[**createImage**](docs/images_api.md#createImage) | **POST** /images/generations | Creates an image given a prompt.
[**createImageEdit**](docs/images_api.md#createImageEdit) | **POST** /images/edits | Creates an edited or extended image given an original image and a prompt.
[**createImageVariation**](docs/images_api.md#createImageVariation) | **POST** /images/variations | Creates a variation of a given image.
[**inviteUser**](docs/invites_api.md#inviteUser) | **POST** /organization/invites | Create an invite for a user to the organization. The invite must be accepted by the user before they have access to the organization.
[**list-invites**](docs/invites_api.md#list-invites) | **GET** /organization/invites | Returns a list of invites in the organization.
[**delete-invite**](docs/invites_api.md#delete-invite) | **DELETE** /organization/invites/{invite_id} | Delete an invite. If the invite has already been accepted, it cannot be deleted.
[**retrieve-invite**](docs/invites_api.md#retrieve-invite) | **GET** /organization/invites/{invite_id} | Retrieves an invite.
[**listModels**](docs/models_api.md#listModels) | **GET** /models | Lists the currently available models, and provides basic information about each one such as the owner and availability.
[**deleteModel**](docs/models_api.md#deleteModel) | **DELETE** /models/{model} | Delete a fine-tuned model. You must have the Owner role in your organization to delete a model.
[**retrieveModel**](docs/models_api.md#retrieveModel) | **GET** /models/{model} | Retrieves a model instance, providing basic information about the model such as the owner and permissioning.
[**createModeration**](docs/moderations_api.md#createModeration) | **POST** /moderations | Classifies if text and/or image inputs are potentially harmful. Learn more in the [moderation guide](/docs/guides/moderation). 
[**create-project**](docs/projects_api.md#create-project) | **POST** /organization/projects | Create a new project in the organization. Projects can be created and archived, but cannot be deleted.
[**list-projects**](docs/projects_api.md#list-projects) | **GET** /organization/projects | Returns a list of projects.
[**archive-project**](docs/projects_api.md#archive-project) | **POST** /organization/projects/{project_id}/archive | Archives a project in the organization. Archived projects cannot be used or updated.
[**create-project-service-account**](docs/projects_api.md#create-project-service-account) | **POST** /organization/projects/{project_id}/service_accounts | Creates a new service account in the project. This also returns an unredacted API key for the service account.
[**create-project-user**](docs/projects_api.md#create-project-user) | **POST** /organization/projects/{project_id}/users | Adds a user to the project. Users must already be members of the organization to be added to a project.
[**list-project-api-keys**](docs/projects_api.md#list-project-api-keys) | **GET** /organization/projects/{project_id}/api_keys | Returns a list of API keys in the project.
[**list-project-rate-limits**](docs/projects_api.md#list-project-rate-limits) | **GET** /organization/projects/{project_id}/rate_limits | Returns the rate limits per model for a project.
[**list-project-service-accounts**](docs/projects_api.md#list-project-service-accounts) | **GET** /organization/projects/{project_id}/service_accounts | Returns a list of service accounts in the project.
[**list-project-users**](docs/projects_api.md#list-project-users) | **GET** /organization/projects/{project_id}/users | Returns a list of users in the project.
[**modify-project**](docs/projects_api.md#modify-project) | **POST** /organization/projects/{project_id} | Modifies a project in the organization.
[**retrieve-project**](docs/projects_api.md#retrieve-project) | **GET** /organization/projects/{project_id} | Retrieves a project.
[**delete-project-api-key**](docs/projects_api.md#delete-project-api-key) | **DELETE** /organization/projects/{project_id}/api_keys/{key_id} | Deletes an API key from the project.
[**delete-project-service-account**](docs/projects_api.md#delete-project-service-account) | **DELETE** /organization/projects/{project_id}/service_accounts/{service_account_id} | Deletes a service account from the project.
[**delete-project-user**](docs/projects_api.md#delete-project-user) | **DELETE** /organization/projects/{project_id}/users/{user_id} | Deletes a user from the project.
[**modify-project-user**](docs/projects_api.md#modify-project-user) | **POST** /organization/projects/{project_id}/users/{user_id} | Modifies a user's role in the project.
[**retrieve-project-api-key**](docs/projects_api.md#retrieve-project-api-key) | **GET** /organization/projects/{project_id}/api_keys/{key_id} | Retrieves an API key in the project.
[**retrieve-project-service-account**](docs/projects_api.md#retrieve-project-service-account) | **GET** /organization/projects/{project_id}/service_accounts/{service_account_id} | Retrieves a service account in the project.
[**retrieve-project-user**](docs/projects_api.md#retrieve-project-user) | **GET** /organization/projects/{project_id}/users/{user_id} | Retrieves a user in the project.
[**update-project-rate-limits**](docs/projects_api.md#update-project-rate-limits) | **POST** /organization/projects/{project_id}/rate_limits/{rate_limit_id} | Updates a project rate limit.
[**create-realtime-session**](docs/realtime_api.md#create-realtime-session) | **POST** /realtime/sessions | Create an ephemeral API token for use in client-side applications with the Realtime API. Can be configured with the same session parameters as the `session.update` client event.  It responds with a session object, plus a `client_secret` key which contains a usable ephemeral API token that can be used to authenticate browser clients for the Realtime API. 
[**createUpload**](docs/uploads_api.md#createUpload) | **POST** /uploads | Creates an intermediate [Upload](/docs/api-reference/uploads/object) object that you can add [Parts](/docs/api-reference/uploads/part-object) to. Currently, an Upload can accept at most 8 GB in total and expires after an hour after you create it.  Once you complete the Upload, we will create a [File](/docs/api-reference/files/object) object that contains all the parts you uploaded. This File is usable in the rest of our platform as a regular File object.  For certain `purpose`s, the correct `mime_type` must be specified. Please refer to documentation for the supported MIME types for your use case: - [Assistants](/docs/assistants/tools/file-search#supported-files)  For guidance on the proper filename extensions for each purpose, please follow the documentation on [creating a File](/docs/api-reference/files/create). 
[**addUploadPart**](docs/uploads_api.md#addUploadPart) | **POST** /uploads/{upload_id}/parts | Adds a [Part](/docs/api-reference/uploads/part-object) to an [Upload](/docs/api-reference/uploads/object) object. A Part represents a chunk of bytes from the file you are trying to upload.   Each Part can be at most 64 MB, and you can add Parts until you hit the Upload maximum of 8 GB.  It is possible to add multiple Parts in parallel. You can decide the intended order of the Parts when you [complete the Upload](/docs/api-reference/uploads/complete). 
[**cancelUpload**](docs/uploads_api.md#cancelUpload) | **POST** /uploads/{upload_id}/cancel | Cancels the Upload. No Parts may be added after an Upload is cancelled. 
[**completeUpload**](docs/uploads_api.md#completeUpload) | **POST** /uploads/{upload_id}/complete | Completes the [Upload](/docs/api-reference/uploads/object).   Within the returned Upload object, there is a nested [File](/docs/api-reference/files/object) object that is ready to use in the rest of the platform.  You can specify the order of the Parts by passing in an ordered list of the Part IDs.  The number of bytes uploaded upon completion must match the number of bytes initially specified when creating the Upload object. No Parts may be added after an Upload is completed. 
[**usage-audio-speeches**](docs/usage_api.md#usage-audio-speeches) | **GET** /organization/usage/audio_speeches | Get audio speeches usage details for the organization.
[**usage-audio-transcriptions**](docs/usage_api.md#usage-audio-transcriptions) | **GET** /organization/usage/audio_transcriptions | Get audio transcriptions usage details for the organization.
[**usage-code-interpreter-sessions**](docs/usage_api.md#usage-code-interpreter-sessions) | **GET** /organization/usage/code_interpreter_sessions | Get code interpreter sessions usage details for the organization.
[**usage-completions**](docs/usage_api.md#usage-completions) | **GET** /organization/usage/completions | Get completions usage details for the organization.
[**usage-costs**](docs/usage_api.md#usage-costs) | **GET** /organization/costs | Get costs details for the organization.
[**usage-embeddings**](docs/usage_api.md#usage-embeddings) | **GET** /organization/usage/embeddings | Get embeddings usage details for the organization.
[**usage-images**](docs/usage_api.md#usage-images) | **GET** /organization/usage/images | Get images usage details for the organization.
[**usage-moderations**](docs/usage_api.md#usage-moderations) | **GET** /organization/usage/moderations | Get moderations usage details for the organization.
[**usage-vector-stores**](docs/usage_api.md#usage-vector-stores) | **GET** /organization/usage/vector_stores | Get vector stores usage details for the organization.
[**list-users**](docs/users_api.md#list-users) | **GET** /organization/users | Lists all of the users in the organization.
[**delete-user**](docs/users_api.md#delete-user) | **DELETE** /organization/users/{user_id} | Deletes a user from the organization.
[**modify-user**](docs/users_api.md#modify-user) | **POST** /organization/users/{user_id} | Modifies a user's role in the organization.
[**retrieve-user**](docs/users_api.md#retrieve-user) | **GET** /organization/users/{user_id} | Retrieves a user by their identifier.
[**createVectorStore**](docs/vector_stores_api.md#createVectorStore) | **POST** /vector_stores | Create a vector store.
[**listVectorStores**](docs/vector_stores_api.md#listVectorStores) | **GET** /vector_stores | Returns a list of vector stores.
[**createVectorStoreFile**](docs/vector_stores_api.md#createVectorStoreFile) | **POST** /vector_stores/{vector_store_id}/files | Create a vector store file by attaching a [File](/docs/api-reference/files) to a [vector store](/docs/api-reference/vector-stores/object).
[**createVectorStoreFileBatch**](docs/vector_stores_api.md#createVectorStoreFileBatch) | **POST** /vector_stores/{vector_store_id}/file_batches | Create a vector store file batch.
[**deleteVectorStore**](docs/vector_stores_api.md#deleteVectorStore) | **DELETE** /vector_stores/{vector_store_id} | Delete a vector store.
[**getVectorStore**](docs/vector_stores_api.md#getVectorStore) | **GET** /vector_stores/{vector_store_id} | Retrieves a vector store.
[**listVectorStoreFiles**](docs/vector_stores_api.md#listVectorStoreFiles) | **GET** /vector_stores/{vector_store_id}/files | Returns a list of vector store files.
[**modifyVectorStore**](docs/vector_stores_api.md#modifyVectorStore) | **POST** /vector_stores/{vector_store_id} | Modifies a vector store.
[**cancelVectorStoreFileBatch**](docs/vector_stores_api.md#cancelVectorStoreFileBatch) | **POST** /vector_stores/{vector_store_id}/file_batches/{batch_id}/cancel | Cancel a vector store file batch. This attempts to cancel the processing of files in this batch as soon as possible.
[**deleteVectorStoreFile**](docs/vector_stores_api.md#deleteVectorStoreFile) | **DELETE** /vector_stores/{vector_store_id}/files/{file_id} | Delete a vector store file. This will remove the file from the vector store but the file itself will not be deleted. To delete the file, use the [delete file](/docs/api-reference/files/delete) endpoint.
[**getVectorStoreFile**](docs/vector_stores_api.md#getVectorStoreFile) | **GET** /vector_stores/{vector_store_id}/files/{file_id} | Retrieves a vector store file.
[**getVectorStoreFileBatch**](docs/vector_stores_api.md#getVectorStoreFileBatch) | **GET** /vector_stores/{vector_store_id}/file_batches/{batch_id} | Retrieves a vector store file batch.
[**listFilesInVectorStoreBatch**](docs/vector_stores_api.md#listFilesInVectorStoreBatch) | **GET** /vector_stores/{vector_store_id}/file_batches/{batch_id}/files | Returns a list of vector store files in a batch.


## Documentation For Models

 - [AdminApiKey](docs/AdminApiKey.md)
 - [AdminApiKeyOwner](docs/AdminApiKeyOwner.md)
 - [AdminApiKeysCreateRequest](docs/AdminApiKeysCreateRequest.md)
 - [AdminApiKeysDelete200Response](docs/AdminApiKeysDelete200Response.md)
 - [AdminApiKeysListOrderParameter](docs/AdminApiKeysListOrderParameter.md)
 - [ApiKeyList](docs/ApiKeyList.md)
 - [ArrayOfContentPartsInner](docs/ArrayOfContentPartsInner.md)
 - [AssistantMessageWeight](docs/AssistantMessageWeight.md)
 - [AssistantObject](docs/AssistantObject.md)
 - [AssistantObjectObject](docs/AssistantObjectObject.md)
 - [AssistantObjectToolResources](docs/AssistantObjectToolResources.md)
 - [AssistantObjectToolResourcesCodeInterpreter](docs/AssistantObjectToolResourcesCodeInterpreter.md)
 - [AssistantObjectToolResourcesFileSearch](docs/AssistantObjectToolResourcesFileSearch.md)
 - [AssistantObjectToolsInner](docs/AssistantObjectToolsInner.md)
 - [AssistantStreamEvent](docs/AssistantStreamEvent.md)
 - [AssistantToolsCode](docs/AssistantToolsCode.md)
 - [AssistantToolsCodeType](docs/AssistantToolsCodeType.md)
 - [AssistantToolsFileSearch](docs/AssistantToolsFileSearch.md)
 - [AssistantToolsFileSearchFileSearch](docs/AssistantToolsFileSearchFileSearch.md)
 - [AssistantToolsFileSearchType](docs/AssistantToolsFileSearchType.md)
 - [AssistantToolsFileSearchTypeOnly](docs/AssistantToolsFileSearchTypeOnly.md)
 - [AssistantToolsFunction](docs/AssistantToolsFunction.md)
 - [AssistantToolsFunctionType](docs/AssistantToolsFunctionType.md)
 - [AssistantsApiResponseFormatOption](docs/AssistantsApiResponseFormatOption.md)
 - [AssistantsApiResponseFormatOptionOneOf](docs/AssistantsApiResponseFormatOptionOneOf.md)
 - [AssistantsApiToolChoiceOption](docs/AssistantsApiToolChoiceOption.md)
 - [AssistantsApiToolChoiceOptionOneOf](docs/AssistantsApiToolChoiceOptionOneOf.md)
 - [AssistantsNamedToolChoice](docs/AssistantsNamedToolChoice.md)
 - [AssistantsNamedToolChoiceFunction](docs/AssistantsNamedToolChoiceFunction.md)
 - [AssistantsNamedToolChoiceType](docs/AssistantsNamedToolChoiceType.md)
 - [AudioResponseFormat](docs/AudioResponseFormat.md)
 - [AuditLog](docs/AuditLog.md)
 - [AuditLogActor](docs/AuditLogActor.md)
 - [AuditLogActorApiKey](docs/AuditLogActorApiKey.md)
 - [AuditLogActorApiKeyType](docs/AuditLogActorApiKeyType.md)
 - [AuditLogActorServiceAccount](docs/AuditLogActorServiceAccount.md)
 - [AuditLogActorSession](docs/AuditLogActorSession.md)
 - [AuditLogActorType](docs/AuditLogActorType.md)
 - [AuditLogActorUser](docs/AuditLogActorUser.md)
 - [AuditLogApiKeyCreated](docs/AuditLogApiKeyCreated.md)
 - [AuditLogApiKeyCreatedData](docs/AuditLogApiKeyCreatedData.md)
 - [AuditLogApiKeyDeleted](docs/AuditLogApiKeyDeleted.md)
 - [AuditLogApiKeyUpdated](docs/AuditLogApiKeyUpdated.md)
 - [AuditLogApiKeyUpdatedChangesRequested](docs/AuditLogApiKeyUpdatedChangesRequested.md)
 - [AuditLogEventType](docs/AuditLogEventType.md)
 - [AuditLogInviteAccepted](docs/AuditLogInviteAccepted.md)
 - [AuditLogInviteSent](docs/AuditLogInviteSent.md)
 - [AuditLogInviteSentData](docs/AuditLogInviteSentData.md)
 - [AuditLogLoginFailed](docs/AuditLogLoginFailed.md)
 - [AuditLogOrganizationUpdated](docs/AuditLogOrganizationUpdated.md)
 - [AuditLogOrganizationUpdatedChangesRequested](docs/AuditLogOrganizationUpdatedChangesRequested.md)
 - [AuditLogOrganizationUpdatedChangesRequestedSettings](docs/AuditLogOrganizationUpdatedChangesRequestedSettings.md)
 - [AuditLogProject](docs/AuditLogProject.md)
 - [AuditLogProjectArchived](docs/AuditLogProjectArchived.md)
 - [AuditLogProjectCreated](docs/AuditLogProjectCreated.md)
 - [AuditLogProjectCreatedData](docs/AuditLogProjectCreatedData.md)
 - [AuditLogProjectUpdated](docs/AuditLogProjectUpdated.md)
 - [AuditLogProjectUpdatedChangesRequested](docs/AuditLogProjectUpdatedChangesRequested.md)
 - [AuditLogRateLimitDeleted](docs/AuditLogRateLimitDeleted.md)
 - [AuditLogRateLimitUpdated](docs/AuditLogRateLimitUpdated.md)
 - [AuditLogRateLimitUpdatedChangesRequested](docs/AuditLogRateLimitUpdatedChangesRequested.md)
 - [AuditLogServiceAccountCreated](docs/AuditLogServiceAccountCreated.md)
 - [AuditLogServiceAccountCreatedData](docs/AuditLogServiceAccountCreatedData.md)
 - [AuditLogServiceAccountDeleted](docs/AuditLogServiceAccountDeleted.md)
 - [AuditLogServiceAccountUpdated](docs/AuditLogServiceAccountUpdated.md)
 - [AuditLogServiceAccountUpdatedChangesRequested](docs/AuditLogServiceAccountUpdatedChangesRequested.md)
 - [AuditLogUserAdded](docs/AuditLogUserAdded.md)
 - [AuditLogUserAddedData](docs/AuditLogUserAddedData.md)
 - [AuditLogUserDeleted](docs/AuditLogUserDeleted.md)
 - [AuditLogUserUpdated](docs/AuditLogUserUpdated.md)
 - [AuditLogUserUpdatedChangesRequested](docs/AuditLogUserUpdatedChangesRequested.md)
 - [AutoChunkingStrategy](docs/AutoChunkingStrategy.md)
 - [AutoChunkingStrategyRequestParam](docs/AutoChunkingStrategyRequestParam.md)
 - [AutoChunkingStrategyRequestParamType](docs/AutoChunkingStrategyRequestParamType.md)
 - [Batch](docs/Batch.md)
 - [BatchErrors](docs/BatchErrors.md)
 - [BatchErrorsDataInner](docs/BatchErrorsDataInner.md)
 - [BatchObject](docs/BatchObject.md)
 - [BatchRequestCounts](docs/BatchRequestCounts.md)
 - [BatchRequestInput](docs/BatchRequestInput.md)
 - [BatchRequestInputMethod](docs/BatchRequestInputMethod.md)
 - [BatchRequestOutput](docs/BatchRequestOutput.md)
 - [BatchRequestOutputError](docs/BatchRequestOutputError.md)
 - [BatchRequestOutputResponse](docs/BatchRequestOutputResponse.md)
 - [BatchStatus](docs/BatchStatus.md)
 - [ChatCompletionFunctionCallOption](docs/ChatCompletionFunctionCallOption.md)
 - [ChatCompletionFunctions](docs/ChatCompletionFunctions.md)
 - [ChatCompletionMessageToolCall](docs/ChatCompletionMessageToolCall.md)
 - [ChatCompletionMessageToolCallChunk](docs/ChatCompletionMessageToolCallChunk.md)
 - [ChatCompletionMessageToolCallChunkFunction](docs/ChatCompletionMessageToolCallChunkFunction.md)
 - [ChatCompletionMessageToolCallFunction](docs/ChatCompletionMessageToolCallFunction.md)
 - [ChatCompletionMessageToolCallType](docs/ChatCompletionMessageToolCallType.md)
 - [ChatCompletionModalitiesInner](docs/ChatCompletionModalitiesInner.md)
 - [ChatCompletionNamedToolChoice](docs/ChatCompletionNamedToolChoice.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestAssistantMessage](docs/ChatCompletionRequestAssistantMessage.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestAssistantMessageAudio](docs/ChatCompletionRequestAssistantMessageAudio.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestAssistantMessageContent](docs/ChatCompletionRequestAssistantMessageContent.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestAssistantMessageContentPart](docs/ChatCompletionRequestAssistantMessageContentPart.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestAssistantMessageFunctionCall](docs/ChatCompletionRequestAssistantMessageFunctionCall.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestAssistantMessageRole](docs/ChatCompletionRequestAssistantMessageRole.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestDeveloperMessage](docs/ChatCompletionRequestDeveloperMessage.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestDeveloperMessageContent](docs/ChatCompletionRequestDeveloperMessageContent.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestDeveloperMessageRole](docs/ChatCompletionRequestDeveloperMessageRole.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestFunctionMessage](docs/ChatCompletionRequestFunctionMessage.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestFunctionMessageRole](docs/ChatCompletionRequestFunctionMessageRole.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestMessage](docs/ChatCompletionRequestMessage.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartAudio](docs/ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartAudio.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartAudioInputAudio](docs/ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartAudioInputAudio.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartAudioInputAudioFormat](docs/ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartAudioInputAudioFormat.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartAudioType](docs/ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartAudioType.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartImage](docs/ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartImage.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartImageImageUrl](docs/ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartImageImageUrl.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartImageImageUrlDetail](docs/ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartImageImageUrlDetail.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartImageType](docs/ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartImageType.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartRefusal](docs/ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartRefusal.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartRefusalType](docs/ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartRefusalType.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartText](docs/ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartText.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartTextType](docs/ChatCompletionRequestMessageContentPartTextType.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestSystemMessage](docs/ChatCompletionRequestSystemMessage.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestSystemMessageContent](docs/ChatCompletionRequestSystemMessageContent.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestSystemMessageContentPart](docs/ChatCompletionRequestSystemMessageContentPart.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestSystemMessageRole](docs/ChatCompletionRequestSystemMessageRole.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestToolMessage](docs/ChatCompletionRequestToolMessage.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestToolMessageContent](docs/ChatCompletionRequestToolMessageContent.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestToolMessageContentPart](docs/ChatCompletionRequestToolMessageContentPart.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestToolMessageRole](docs/ChatCompletionRequestToolMessageRole.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestUserMessage](docs/ChatCompletionRequestUserMessage.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestUserMessageContent](docs/ChatCompletionRequestUserMessageContent.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestUserMessageContentPart](docs/ChatCompletionRequestUserMessageContentPart.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRequestUserMessageRole](docs/ChatCompletionRequestUserMessageRole.md)
 - [ChatCompletionResponseMessage](docs/ChatCompletionResponseMessage.md)
 - [ChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio](docs/ChatCompletionResponseMessageAudio.md)
 - [ChatCompletionResponseMessageFunctionCall](docs/ChatCompletionResponseMessageFunctionCall.md)
 - [ChatCompletionResponseMessageRole](docs/ChatCompletionResponseMessageRole.md)
 - [ChatCompletionRole](docs/ChatCompletionRole.md)
 - [ChatCompletionStreamOptions](docs/ChatCompletionStreamOptions.md)
 - [ChatCompletionStreamResponseDelta](docs/ChatCompletionStreamResponseDelta.md)
 - [ChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCall](docs/ChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaFunctionCall.md)
 - [ChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaRole](docs/ChatCompletionStreamResponseDeltaRole.md)
 - [ChatCompletionTokenLogprob](docs/ChatCompletionTokenLogprob.md)
 - [ChatCompletionTokenLogprobTopLogprobsInner](docs/ChatCompletionTokenLogprobTopLogprobsInner.md)
 - [ChatCompletionTool](docs/ChatCompletionTool.md)
 - [ChatCompletionToolChoiceOption](docs/ChatCompletionToolChoiceOption.md)
 - [ChatCompletionToolChoiceOptionOneOf](docs/ChatCompletionToolChoiceOptionOneOf.md)
 - [ChunkingStrategyRequestParam](docs/ChunkingStrategyRequestParam.md)
 - [CompleteUploadRequest](docs/CompleteUploadRequest.md)
 - [CompletionUsage](docs/CompletionUsage.md)
 - [CompletionUsageCompletionTokensDetails](docs/CompletionUsageCompletionTokensDetails.md)
 - [CompletionUsagePromptTokensDetails](docs/CompletionUsagePromptTokensDetails.md)
 - [CostsResult](docs/CostsResult.md)
 - [CostsResultAmount](docs/CostsResultAmount.md)
 - [CostsResultObject](docs/CostsResultObject.md)
 - [CreateAssistantRequest](docs/CreateAssistantRequest.md)
 - [CreateAssistantRequestModel](docs/CreateAssistantRequestModel.md)
 - [CreateAssistantRequestModelAnyOf](docs/CreateAssistantRequestModelAnyOf.md)
 - [CreateAssistantRequestToolResources](docs/CreateAssistantRequestToolResources.md)
 - [CreateAssistantRequestToolResourcesCodeInterpreter](docs/CreateAssistantRequestToolResourcesCodeInterpreter.md)
 - [CreateAssistantRequestToolResourcesFileSearch](docs/CreateAssistantRequestToolResourcesFileSearch.md)
 - [CreateAssistantRequestToolResourcesFileSearchVectorStoresInner](docs/CreateAssistantRequestToolResourcesFileSearchVectorStoresInner.md)
 - [CreateAssistantRequestToolResourcesFileSearchVectorStoresInnerChunkingStrategy](docs/CreateAssistantRequestToolResourcesFileSearchVectorStoresInnerChunkingStrategy.md)
 - [CreateBatchRequest](docs/CreateBatchRequest.md)
 - [CreateBatchRequestCompletionWindow](docs/CreateBatchRequestCompletionWindow.md)
 - [CreateBatchRequestEndpoint](docs/CreateBatchRequestEndpoint.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionFunctionResponse](docs/CreateChatCompletionFunctionResponse.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionFunctionResponseChoicesInner](docs/CreateChatCompletionFunctionResponseChoicesInner.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionFunctionResponseChoicesInnerFinishReason](docs/CreateChatCompletionFunctionResponseChoicesInnerFinishReason.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionFunctionResponseObject](docs/CreateChatCompletionFunctionResponseObject.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionRequest](docs/CreateChatCompletionRequest.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionRequestAudio](docs/CreateChatCompletionRequestAudio.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionRequestAudioFormat](docs/CreateChatCompletionRequestAudioFormat.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionRequestAudioVoice](docs/CreateChatCompletionRequestAudioVoice.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionRequestFunctionCall](docs/CreateChatCompletionRequestFunctionCall.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionRequestFunctionCallOneOf](docs/CreateChatCompletionRequestFunctionCallOneOf.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionRequestModel](docs/CreateChatCompletionRequestModel.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionRequestModelAnyOf](docs/CreateChatCompletionRequestModelAnyOf.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionRequestReasoningEffort](docs/CreateChatCompletionRequestReasoningEffort.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionRequestResponseFormat](docs/CreateChatCompletionRequestResponseFormat.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionRequestServiceTier](docs/CreateChatCompletionRequestServiceTier.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionRequestStop](docs/CreateChatCompletionRequestStop.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionResponse](docs/CreateChatCompletionResponse.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionResponseChoicesInner](docs/CreateChatCompletionResponseChoicesInner.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionResponseChoicesInnerFinishReason](docs/CreateChatCompletionResponseChoicesInnerFinishReason.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionResponseChoicesInnerLogprobs](docs/CreateChatCompletionResponseChoicesInnerLogprobs.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionResponseServiceTier](docs/CreateChatCompletionResponseServiceTier.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionStreamResponse](docs/CreateChatCompletionStreamResponse.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionStreamResponseChoicesInner](docs/CreateChatCompletionStreamResponseChoicesInner.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionStreamResponseChoicesInnerFinishReason](docs/CreateChatCompletionStreamResponseChoicesInnerFinishReason.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionStreamResponseObject](docs/CreateChatCompletionStreamResponseObject.md)
 - [CreateChatCompletionStreamResponseUsage](docs/CreateChatCompletionStreamResponseUsage.md)
 - [CreateCompletionRequest](docs/CreateCompletionRequest.md)
 - [CreateCompletionRequestModel](docs/CreateCompletionRequestModel.md)
 - [CreateCompletionRequestModelAnyOf](docs/CreateCompletionRequestModelAnyOf.md)
 - [CreateCompletionRequestPrompt](docs/CreateCompletionRequestPrompt.md)
 - [CreateCompletionRequestStop](docs/CreateCompletionRequestStop.md)
 - [CreateCompletionResponse](docs/CreateCompletionResponse.md)
 - [CreateCompletionResponseChoicesInner](docs/CreateCompletionResponseChoicesInner.md)
 - [CreateCompletionResponseChoicesInnerFinishReason](docs/CreateCompletionResponseChoicesInnerFinishReason.md)
 - [CreateCompletionResponseChoicesInnerLogprobs](docs/CreateCompletionResponseChoicesInnerLogprobs.md)
 - [CreateCompletionResponseObject](docs/CreateCompletionResponseObject.md)
 - [CreateEmbeddingRequest](docs/CreateEmbeddingRequest.md)
 - [CreateEmbeddingRequestEncodingFormat](docs/CreateEmbeddingRequestEncodingFormat.md)
 - [CreateEmbeddingRequestInput](docs/CreateEmbeddingRequestInput.md)
 - [CreateEmbeddingRequestModel](docs/CreateEmbeddingRequestModel.md)
 - [CreateEmbeddingRequestModelAnyOf](docs/CreateEmbeddingRequestModelAnyOf.md)
 - [CreateEmbeddingResponse](docs/CreateEmbeddingResponse.md)
 - [CreateEmbeddingResponseObject](docs/CreateEmbeddingResponseObject.md)
 - [CreateEmbeddingResponseUsage](docs/CreateEmbeddingResponseUsage.md)
 - [CreateFileRequestPurpose](docs/CreateFileRequestPurpose.md)
 - [CreateFineTuningJobRequest](docs/CreateFineTuningJobRequest.md)
 - [CreateFineTuningJobRequestHyperparameters](docs/CreateFineTuningJobRequestHyperparameters.md)
 - [CreateFineTuningJobRequestHyperparametersBatchSize](docs/CreateFineTuningJobRequestHyperparametersBatchSize.md)
 - [CreateFineTuningJobRequestHyperparametersBatchSizeOneOf](docs/CreateFineTuningJobRequestHyperparametersBatchSizeOneOf.md)
 - [CreateFineTuningJobRequestHyperparametersLearningRateMultiplier](docs/CreateFineTuningJobRequestHyperparametersLearningRateMultiplier.md)
 - [CreateFineTuningJobRequestHyperparametersNEpochs](docs/CreateFineTuningJobRequestHyperparametersNEpochs.md)
 - [CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInner](docs/CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInner.md)
 - [CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerType](docs/CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerType.md)
 - [CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb](docs/CreateFineTuningJobRequestIntegrationsInnerWandb.md)
 - [CreateFineTuningJobRequestModel](docs/CreateFineTuningJobRequestModel.md)
 - [CreateFineTuningJobRequestModelAnyOf](docs/CreateFineTuningJobRequestModelAnyOf.md)
 - [CreateImageEditRequestModel](docs/CreateImageEditRequestModel.md)
 - [CreateImageEditRequestModelAnyOf](docs/CreateImageEditRequestModelAnyOf.md)
 - [CreateImageEditRequestResponseFormat](docs/CreateImageEditRequestResponseFormat.md)
 - [CreateImageEditRequestSize](docs/CreateImageEditRequestSize.md)
 - [CreateImageRequest](docs/CreateImageRequest.md)
 - [CreateImageRequestModel](docs/CreateImageRequestModel.md)
 - [CreateImageRequestModelAnyOf](docs/CreateImageRequestModelAnyOf.md)
 - [CreateImageRequestQuality](docs/CreateImageRequestQuality.md)
 - [CreateImageRequestSize](docs/CreateImageRequestSize.md)
 - [CreateImageRequestStyle](docs/CreateImageRequestStyle.md)
 - [CreateMessageRequest](docs/CreateMessageRequest.md)
 - [CreateMessageRequestAttachmentsInner](docs/CreateMessageRequestAttachmentsInner.md)
 - [CreateMessageRequestAttachmentsInnerToolsInner](docs/CreateMessageRequestAttachmentsInnerToolsInner.md)
 - [CreateMessageRequestContent](docs/CreateMessageRequestContent.md)
 - [CreateMessageRequestRole](docs/CreateMessageRequestRole.md)
 - [CreateModerationRequest](docs/CreateModerationRequest.md)
 - [CreateModerationRequestInput](docs/CreateModerationRequestInput.md)
 - [CreateModerationRequestInputOneOfInner](docs/CreateModerationRequestInputOneOfInner.md)
 - [CreateModerationRequestInputOneOfInnerOneOf](docs/CreateModerationRequestInputOneOfInnerOneOf.md)
 - [CreateModerationRequestInputOneOfInnerOneOf1](docs/CreateModerationRequestInputOneOfInnerOneOf1.md)
 - [CreateModerationRequestInputOneOfInnerOneOf1Type](docs/CreateModerationRequestInputOneOfInnerOneOf1Type.md)
 - [CreateModerationRequestInputOneOfInnerOneOfImageUrl](docs/CreateModerationRequestInputOneOfInnerOneOfImageUrl.md)
 - [CreateModerationRequestInputOneOfInnerOneOfType](docs/CreateModerationRequestInputOneOfInnerOneOfType.md)
 - [CreateModerationRequestModel](docs/CreateModerationRequestModel.md)
 - [CreateModerationRequestModelAnyOf](docs/CreateModerationRequestModelAnyOf.md)
 - [CreateModerationResponse](docs/CreateModerationResponse.md)
 - [CreateModerationResponseResultsInner](docs/CreateModerationResponseResultsInner.md)
 - [CreateModerationResponseResultsInnerCategories](docs/CreateModerationResponseResultsInnerCategories.md)
 - [CreateModerationResponseResultsInnerCategoryAppliedInputTypes](docs/CreateModerationResponseResultsInnerCategoryAppliedInputTypes.md)
 - [CreateModerationResponseResultsInnerCategoryAppliedInputTypesHateInner](docs/CreateModerationResponseResultsInnerCategoryAppliedInputTypesHateInner.md)
 - [CreateModerationResponseResultsInnerCategoryAppliedInputTypesSelfHarmInner](docs/CreateModerationResponseResultsInnerCategoryAppliedInputTypesSelfHarmInner.md)
 - [CreateModerationResponseResultsInnerCategoryScores](docs/CreateModerationResponseResultsInnerCategoryScores.md)
 - [CreateRunIncludeParameterInner](docs/CreateRunIncludeParameterInner.md)
 - [CreateRunRequest](docs/CreateRunRequest.md)
 - [CreateRunRequestModel](docs/CreateRunRequestModel.md)
 - [CreateSpeechRequest](docs/CreateSpeechRequest.md)
 - [CreateSpeechRequestModel](docs/CreateSpeechRequestModel.md)
 - [CreateSpeechRequestModelAnyOf](docs/CreateSpeechRequestModelAnyOf.md)
 - [CreateSpeechRequestResponseFormat](docs/CreateSpeechRequestResponseFormat.md)
 - [CreateSpeechRequestVoice](docs/CreateSpeechRequestVoice.md)
 - [CreateThreadAndRunRequest](docs/CreateThreadAndRunRequest.md)
 - [CreateThreadAndRunRequestToolResources](docs/CreateThreadAndRunRequestToolResources.md)
 - [CreateThreadAndRunRequestToolsInner](docs/CreateThreadAndRunRequestToolsInner.md)
 - [CreateThreadRequest](docs/CreateThreadRequest.md)
 - [CreateThreadRequestToolResources](docs/CreateThreadRequestToolResources.md)
 - [CreateThreadRequestToolResourcesFileSearch](docs/CreateThreadRequestToolResourcesFileSearch.md)
 - [CreateThreadRequestToolResourcesFileSearchVectorStoresInner](docs/CreateThreadRequestToolResourcesFileSearchVectorStoresInner.md)
 - [CreateTranscription200Response](docs/CreateTranscription200Response.md)
 - [CreateTranscriptionRequestModel](docs/CreateTranscriptionRequestModel.md)
 - [CreateTranscriptionRequestModelAnyOf](docs/CreateTranscriptionRequestModelAnyOf.md)
 - [CreateTranscriptionRequestTimestampGranularitiesInner](docs/CreateTranscriptionRequestTimestampGranularitiesInner.md)
 - [CreateTranscriptionResponseJson](docs/CreateTranscriptionResponseJson.md)
 - [CreateTranscriptionResponseVerboseJson](docs/CreateTranscriptionResponseVerboseJson.md)
 - [CreateTranslation200Response](docs/CreateTranslation200Response.md)
 - [CreateTranslationResponseJson](docs/CreateTranslationResponseJson.md)
 - [CreateTranslationResponseVerboseJson](docs/CreateTranslationResponseVerboseJson.md)
 - [CreateUploadRequest](docs/CreateUploadRequest.md)
 - [CreateUploadRequestPurpose](docs/CreateUploadRequestPurpose.md)
 - [CreateVectorStoreFileBatchRequest](docs/CreateVectorStoreFileBatchRequest.md)
 - [CreateVectorStoreFileRequest](docs/CreateVectorStoreFileRequest.md)
 - [CreateVectorStoreRequest](docs/CreateVectorStoreRequest.md)
 - [CreateVectorStoreRequestChunkingStrategy](docs/CreateVectorStoreRequestChunkingStrategy.md)
 - [DefaultProjectErrorResponse](docs/DefaultProjectErrorResponse.md)
 - [DeleteAssistantResponse](docs/DeleteAssistantResponse.md)
 - [DeleteAssistantResponseObject](docs/DeleteAssistantResponseObject.md)
 - [DeleteFileResponse](docs/DeleteFileResponse.md)
 - [DeleteFileResponseObject](docs/DeleteFileResponseObject.md)
 - [DeleteMessageResponse](docs/DeleteMessageResponse.md)
 - [DeleteMessageResponseObject](docs/DeleteMessageResponseObject.md)
 - [DeleteModelResponse](docs/DeleteModelResponse.md)
 - [DeleteThreadResponse](docs/DeleteThreadResponse.md)
 - [DeleteThreadResponseObject](docs/DeleteThreadResponseObject.md)
 - [DeleteVectorStoreFileResponse](docs/DeleteVectorStoreFileResponse.md)
 - [DeleteVectorStoreFileResponseObject](docs/DeleteVectorStoreFileResponseObject.md)
 - [DeleteVectorStoreResponse](docs/DeleteVectorStoreResponse.md)
 - [DeleteVectorStoreResponseObject](docs/DeleteVectorStoreResponseObject.md)
 - [DoneEvent](docs/DoneEvent.md)
 - [DoneEventData](docs/DoneEventData.md)
 - [DoneEventEvent](docs/DoneEventEvent.md)
 - [Embedding](docs/Embedding.md)
 - [EmbeddingObject](docs/EmbeddingObject.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [ErrorEvent](docs/ErrorEvent.md)
 - [ErrorEventEvent](docs/ErrorEventEvent.md)
 - [ErrorResponse](docs/ErrorResponse.md)
 - [FileSearchRankingOptions](docs/FileSearchRankingOptions.md)
 - [FileSearchRankingOptionsRanker](docs/FileSearchRankingOptionsRanker.md)
 - [FineTuneChatCompletionRequestAssistantMessage](docs/FineTuneChatCompletionRequestAssistantMessage.md)
 - [FineTuneChatRequestInput](docs/FineTuneChatRequestInput.md)
 - [FineTuneChatRequestInputMessagesInner](docs/FineTuneChatRequestInputMessagesInner.md)
 - [FineTuneCompletionRequestInput](docs/FineTuneCompletionRequestInput.md)
 - [FineTuneDpoMethod](docs/FineTuneDpoMethod.md)
 - [FineTuneDpoMethodHyperparameters](docs/FineTuneDpoMethodHyperparameters.md)
 - [FineTuneDpoMethodHyperparametersBatchSize](docs/FineTuneDpoMethodHyperparametersBatchSize.md)
 - [FineTuneDpoMethodHyperparametersBeta](docs/FineTuneDpoMethodHyperparametersBeta.md)
 - [FineTuneDpoMethodHyperparametersLearningRateMultiplier](docs/FineTuneDpoMethodHyperparametersLearningRateMultiplier.md)
 - [FineTuneDpoMethodHyperparametersNEpochs](docs/FineTuneDpoMethodHyperparametersNEpochs.md)
 - [FineTuneMethod](docs/FineTuneMethod.md)
 - [FineTuneMethodType](docs/FineTuneMethodType.md)
 - [FineTunePreferenceRequestInput](docs/FineTunePreferenceRequestInput.md)
 - [FineTunePreferenceRequestInputInput](docs/FineTunePreferenceRequestInputInput.md)
 - [FineTunePreferenceRequestInputPreferredCompletionInner](docs/FineTunePreferenceRequestInputPreferredCompletionInner.md)
 - [FineTuneSupervisedMethod](docs/FineTuneSupervisedMethod.md)
 - [FineTuneSupervisedMethodHyperparameters](docs/FineTuneSupervisedMethodHyperparameters.md)
 - [FineTuningIntegration](docs/FineTuningIntegration.md)
 - [FineTuningIntegrationType](docs/FineTuningIntegrationType.md)
 - [FineTuningJob](docs/FineTuningJob.md)
 - [FineTuningJobCheckpoint](docs/FineTuningJobCheckpoint.md)
 - [FineTuningJobCheckpointMetrics](docs/FineTuningJobCheckpointMetrics.md)
 - [FineTuningJobCheckpointObject](docs/FineTuningJobCheckpointObject.md)
 - [FineTuningJobError](docs/FineTuningJobError.md)
 - [FineTuningJobEvent](docs/FineTuningJobEvent.md)
 - [FineTuningJobEventLevel](docs/FineTuningJobEventLevel.md)
 - [FineTuningJobEventObject](docs/FineTuningJobEventObject.md)
 - [FineTuningJobEventType](docs/FineTuningJobEventType.md)
 - [FineTuningJobHyperparameters](docs/FineTuningJobHyperparameters.md)
 - [FineTuningJobIntegrationsInner](docs/FineTuningJobIntegrationsInner.md)
 - [FineTuningJobObject](docs/FineTuningJobObject.md)
 - [FineTuningJobStatus](docs/FineTuningJobStatus.md)
 - [FunctionObject](docs/FunctionObject.md)
 - [Image](docs/Image.md)
 - [ImagesResponse](docs/ImagesResponse.md)
 - [Invite](docs/Invite.md)
 - [InviteDeleteResponse](docs/InviteDeleteResponse.md)
 - [InviteDeleteResponseObject](docs/InviteDeleteResponseObject.md)
 - [InviteListResponse](docs/InviteListResponse.md)
 - [InviteListResponseObject](docs/InviteListResponseObject.md)
 - [InviteObject](docs/InviteObject.md)
 - [InviteProjectsInner](docs/InviteProjectsInner.md)
 - [InviteProjectsInnerRole](docs/InviteProjectsInnerRole.md)
 - [InviteRequest](docs/InviteRequest.md)
 - [InviteRequestProjectsInner](docs/InviteRequestProjectsInner.md)
 - [InviteRequestRole](docs/InviteRequestRole.md)
 - [InviteRole](docs/InviteRole.md)
 - [InviteStatus](docs/InviteStatus.md)
 - [ListAssistantsOrderParameter](docs/ListAssistantsOrderParameter.md)
 - [ListAssistantsResponse](docs/ListAssistantsResponse.md)
 - [ListAuditLogsEffectiveAtParameter](docs/ListAuditLogsEffectiveAtParameter.md)
 - [ListAuditLogsResponse](docs/ListAuditLogsResponse.md)
 - [ListAuditLogsResponseObject](docs/ListAuditLogsResponseObject.md)
 - [ListBatchesResponse](docs/ListBatchesResponse.md)
 - [ListFilesInVectorStoreBatchFilterParameter](docs/ListFilesInVectorStoreBatchFilterParameter.md)
 - [ListFilesResponse](docs/ListFilesResponse.md)
 - [ListFineTuningJobCheckpointsResponse](docs/ListFineTuningJobCheckpointsResponse.md)
 - [ListFineTuningJobEventsResponse](docs/ListFineTuningJobEventsResponse.md)
 - [ListMessagesResponse](docs/ListMessagesResponse.md)
 - [ListModelsResponse](docs/ListModelsResponse.md)
 - [ListPaginatedFineTuningJobsResponse](docs/ListPaginatedFineTuningJobsResponse.md)
 - [ListRunStepsResponse](docs/ListRunStepsResponse.md)
 - [ListRunsResponse](docs/ListRunsResponse.md)
 - [ListThreadsResponse](docs/ListThreadsResponse.md)
 - [ListVectorStoreFilesResponse](docs/ListVectorStoreFilesResponse.md)
 - [ListVectorStoresResponse](docs/ListVectorStoresResponse.md)
 - [MessageContentImageFileObject](docs/MessageContentImageFileObject.md)
 - [MessageContentImageFileObjectImageFile](docs/MessageContentImageFileObjectImageFile.md)
 - [MessageContentImageFileObjectImageFileDetail](docs/MessageContentImageFileObjectImageFileDetail.md)
 - [MessageContentImageFileObjectType](docs/MessageContentImageFileObjectType.md)
 - [MessageContentImageUrlObject](docs/MessageContentImageUrlObject.md)
 - [MessageContentImageUrlObjectImageUrl](docs/MessageContentImageUrlObjectImageUrl.md)
 - [MessageContentImageUrlObjectImageUrlDetail](docs/MessageContentImageUrlObjectImageUrlDetail.md)
 - [MessageContentRefusalObject](docs/MessageContentRefusalObject.md)
 - [MessageContentRefusalObjectType](docs/MessageContentRefusalObjectType.md)
 - [MessageContentTextAnnotationsFileCitationObject](docs/MessageContentTextAnnotationsFileCitationObject.md)
 - [MessageContentTextAnnotationsFileCitationObjectFileCitation](docs/MessageContentTextAnnotationsFileCitationObjectFileCitation.md)
 - [MessageContentTextAnnotationsFileCitationObjectType](docs/MessageContentTextAnnotationsFileCitationObjectType.md)
 - [MessageContentTextAnnotationsFilePathObject](docs/MessageContentTextAnnotationsFilePathObject.md)
 - [MessageContentTextAnnotationsFilePathObjectFilePath](docs/MessageContentTextAnnotationsFilePathObjectFilePath.md)
 - [MessageContentTextAnnotationsFilePathObjectType](docs/MessageContentTextAnnotationsFilePathObjectType.md)
 - [MessageContentTextObject](docs/MessageContentTextObject.md)
 - [MessageContentTextObjectText](docs/MessageContentTextObjectText.md)
 - [MessageContentTextObjectTextAnnotationsInner](docs/MessageContentTextObjectTextAnnotationsInner.md)
 - [MessageDeltaContentImageFileObject](docs/MessageDeltaContentImageFileObject.md)
 - [MessageDeltaContentImageFileObjectImageFile](docs/MessageDeltaContentImageFileObjectImageFile.md)
 - [MessageDeltaContentImageUrlObject](docs/MessageDeltaContentImageUrlObject.md)
 - [MessageDeltaContentImageUrlObjectImageUrl](docs/MessageDeltaContentImageUrlObjectImageUrl.md)
 - [MessageDeltaContentImageUrlObjectImageUrlDetail](docs/MessageDeltaContentImageUrlObjectImageUrlDetail.md)
 - [MessageDeltaContentRefusalObject](docs/MessageDeltaContentRefusalObject.md)
 - [MessageDeltaContentTextAnnotationsFileCitationObject](docs/MessageDeltaContentTextAnnotationsFileCitationObject.md)
 - [MessageDeltaContentTextAnnotationsFileCitationObjectFileCitation](docs/MessageDeltaContentTextAnnotationsFileCitationObjectFileCitation.md)
 - [MessageDeltaContentTextAnnotationsFilePathObject](docs/MessageDeltaContentTextAnnotationsFilePathObject.md)
 - [MessageDeltaContentTextAnnotationsFilePathObjectFilePath](docs/MessageDeltaContentTextAnnotationsFilePathObjectFilePath.md)
 - [MessageDeltaContentTextObject](docs/MessageDeltaContentTextObject.md)
 - [MessageDeltaContentTextObjectText](docs/MessageDeltaContentTextObjectText.md)
 - [MessageDeltaContentTextObjectTextAnnotationsInner](docs/MessageDeltaContentTextObjectTextAnnotationsInner.md)
 - [MessageDeltaObject](docs/MessageDeltaObject.md)
 - [MessageDeltaObjectDelta](docs/MessageDeltaObjectDelta.md)
 - [MessageDeltaObjectDeltaContentInner](docs/MessageDeltaObjectDeltaContentInner.md)
 - [MessageDeltaObjectDeltaRole](docs/MessageDeltaObjectDeltaRole.md)
 - [MessageDeltaObjectObject](docs/MessageDeltaObjectObject.md)
 - [MessageObject](docs/MessageObject.md)
 - [MessageObjectContentInner](docs/MessageObjectContentInner.md)
 - [MessageObjectIncompleteDetails](docs/MessageObjectIncompleteDetails.md)
 - [MessageObjectIncompleteDetailsReason](docs/MessageObjectIncompleteDetailsReason.md)
 - [MessageObjectObject](docs/MessageObjectObject.md)
 - [MessageObjectStatus](docs/MessageObjectStatus.md)
 - [MessageRequestContentTextObject](docs/MessageRequestContentTextObject.md)
 - [MessageStreamEvent](docs/MessageStreamEvent.md)
 - [MessageStreamEventOneOf](docs/MessageStreamEventOneOf.md)
 - [MessageStreamEventOneOf1](docs/MessageStreamEventOneOf1.md)
 - [MessageStreamEventOneOf1Event](docs/MessageStreamEventOneOf1Event.md)
 - [MessageStreamEventOneOf2](docs/MessageStreamEventOneOf2.md)
 - [MessageStreamEventOneOf2Event](docs/MessageStreamEventOneOf2Event.md)
 - [MessageStreamEventOneOf3](docs/MessageStreamEventOneOf3.md)
 - [MessageStreamEventOneOf3Event](docs/MessageStreamEventOneOf3Event.md)
 - [MessageStreamEventOneOf4](docs/MessageStreamEventOneOf4.md)
 - [MessageStreamEventOneOf4Event](docs/MessageStreamEventOneOf4Event.md)
 - [MessageStreamEventOneOfEvent](docs/MessageStreamEventOneOfEvent.md)
 - [Model](docs/Model.md)
 - [ModelObject](docs/ModelObject.md)
 - [ModifyAssistantRequest](docs/ModifyAssistantRequest.md)
 - [ModifyAssistantRequestToolResources](docs/ModifyAssistantRequestToolResources.md)
 - [ModifyAssistantRequestToolResourcesCodeInterpreter](docs/ModifyAssistantRequestToolResourcesCodeInterpreter.md)
 - [ModifyAssistantRequestToolResourcesFileSearch](docs/ModifyAssistantRequestToolResourcesFileSearch.md)
 - [ModifyMessageRequest](docs/ModifyMessageRequest.md)
 - [ModifyRunRequest](docs/ModifyRunRequest.md)
 - [ModifyThreadRequest](docs/ModifyThreadRequest.md)
 - [ModifyThreadRequestToolResources](docs/ModifyThreadRequestToolResources.md)
 - [ModifyThreadRequestToolResourcesFileSearch](docs/ModifyThreadRequestToolResourcesFileSearch.md)
 - [OpenAiFile](docs/OpenAiFile.md)
 - [OpenAiFileObject](docs/OpenAiFileObject.md)
 - [OpenAiFilePurpose](docs/OpenAiFilePurpose.md)
 - [OpenAiFileStatus](docs/OpenAiFileStatus.md)
 - [OtherChunkingStrategyResponseParam](docs/OtherChunkingStrategyResponseParam.md)
 - [OtherChunkingStrategyResponseParamType](docs/OtherChunkingStrategyResponseParamType.md)
 - [ParallelToolCalls](docs/ParallelToolCalls.md)
 - [PredictionContent](docs/PredictionContent.md)
 - [PredictionContentContent](docs/PredictionContentContent.md)
 - [PredictionContentType](docs/PredictionContentType.md)
 - [Project](docs/Project.md)
 - [ProjectApiKey](docs/ProjectApiKey.md)
 - [ProjectApiKeyDeleteResponse](docs/ProjectApiKeyDeleteResponse.md)
 - [ProjectApiKeyDeleteResponseObject](docs/ProjectApiKeyDeleteResponseObject.md)
 - [ProjectApiKeyListResponse](docs/ProjectApiKeyListResponse.md)
 - [ProjectApiKeyObject](docs/ProjectApiKeyObject.md)
 - [ProjectApiKeyOwner](docs/ProjectApiKeyOwner.md)
 - [ProjectApiKeyOwnerType](docs/ProjectApiKeyOwnerType.md)
 - [ProjectCreateRequest](docs/ProjectCreateRequest.md)
 - [ProjectListResponse](docs/ProjectListResponse.md)
 - [ProjectObject](docs/ProjectObject.md)
 - [ProjectRateLimit](docs/ProjectRateLimit.md)
 - [ProjectRateLimitListResponse](docs/ProjectRateLimitListResponse.md)
 - [ProjectRateLimitObject](docs/ProjectRateLimitObject.md)
 - [ProjectRateLimitUpdateRequest](docs/ProjectRateLimitUpdateRequest.md)
 - [ProjectServiceAccount](docs/ProjectServiceAccount.md)
 - [ProjectServiceAccountApiKey](docs/ProjectServiceAccountApiKey.md)
 - [ProjectServiceAccountApiKeyObject](docs/ProjectServiceAccountApiKeyObject.md)
 - [ProjectServiceAccountCreateRequest](docs/ProjectServiceAccountCreateRequest.md)
 - [ProjectServiceAccountCreateResponse](docs/ProjectServiceAccountCreateResponse.md)
 - [ProjectServiceAccountCreateResponseObject](docs/ProjectServiceAccountCreateResponseObject.md)
 - [ProjectServiceAccountCreateResponseRole](docs/ProjectServiceAccountCreateResponseRole.md)
 - [ProjectServiceAccountDeleteResponse](docs/ProjectServiceAccountDeleteResponse.md)
 - [ProjectServiceAccountDeleteResponseObject](docs/ProjectServiceAccountDeleteResponseObject.md)
 - [ProjectServiceAccountListResponse](docs/ProjectServiceAccountListResponse.md)
 - [ProjectServiceAccountObject](docs/ProjectServiceAccountObject.md)
 - [ProjectServiceAccountRole](docs/ProjectServiceAccountRole.md)
 - [ProjectStatus](docs/ProjectStatus.md)
 - [ProjectUpdateRequest](docs/ProjectUpdateRequest.md)
 - [ProjectUser](docs/ProjectUser.md)
 - [ProjectUserCreateRequest](docs/ProjectUserCreateRequest.md)
 - [ProjectUserDeleteResponse](docs/ProjectUserDeleteResponse.md)
 - [ProjectUserDeleteResponseObject](docs/ProjectUserDeleteResponseObject.md)
 - [ProjectUserListResponse](docs/ProjectUserListResponse.md)
 - [ProjectUserObject](docs/ProjectUserObject.md)
 - [ProjectUserUpdateRequest](docs/ProjectUserUpdateRequest.md)
 - [RealtimeClientEventConversationItemCreate](docs/RealtimeClientEventConversationItemCreate.md)
 - [RealtimeClientEventConversationItemCreateType](docs/RealtimeClientEventConversationItemCreateType.md)
 - [RealtimeClientEventConversationItemDelete](docs/RealtimeClientEventConversationItemDelete.md)
 - [RealtimeClientEventConversationItemDeleteType](docs/RealtimeClientEventConversationItemDeleteType.md)
 - [RealtimeClientEventConversationItemTruncate](docs/RealtimeClientEventConversationItemTruncate.md)
 - [RealtimeClientEventConversationItemTruncateType](docs/RealtimeClientEventConversationItemTruncateType.md)
 - [RealtimeClientEventInputAudioBufferAppend](docs/RealtimeClientEventInputAudioBufferAppend.md)
 - [RealtimeClientEventInputAudioBufferAppendType](docs/RealtimeClientEventInputAudioBufferAppendType.md)
 - [RealtimeClientEventInputAudioBufferClear](docs/RealtimeClientEventInputAudioBufferClear.md)
 - [RealtimeClientEventInputAudioBufferClearType](docs/RealtimeClientEventInputAudioBufferClearType.md)
 - [RealtimeClientEventInputAudioBufferCommit](docs/RealtimeClientEventInputAudioBufferCommit.md)
 - [RealtimeClientEventInputAudioBufferCommitType](docs/RealtimeClientEventInputAudioBufferCommitType.md)
 - [RealtimeClientEventResponseCancel](docs/RealtimeClientEventResponseCancel.md)
 - [RealtimeClientEventResponseCancelType](docs/RealtimeClientEventResponseCancelType.md)
 - [RealtimeClientEventResponseCreate](docs/RealtimeClientEventResponseCreate.md)
 - [RealtimeClientEventResponseCreateType](docs/RealtimeClientEventResponseCreateType.md)
 - [RealtimeClientEventSessionUpdate](docs/RealtimeClientEventSessionUpdate.md)
 - [RealtimeClientEventSessionUpdateType](docs/RealtimeClientEventSessionUpdateType.md)
 - [RealtimeConversationItem](docs/RealtimeConversationItem.md)
 - [RealtimeConversationItemContentInner](docs/RealtimeConversationItemContentInner.md)
 - [RealtimeConversationItemContentInnerType](docs/RealtimeConversationItemContentInnerType.md)
 - [RealtimeConversationItemObject](docs/RealtimeConversationItemObject.md)
 - [RealtimeConversationItemRole](docs/RealtimeConversationItemRole.md)
 - [RealtimeConversationItemStatus](docs/RealtimeConversationItemStatus.md)
 - [RealtimeConversationItemType](docs/RealtimeConversationItemType.md)
 - [RealtimeResponse](docs/RealtimeResponse.md)
 - [RealtimeResponseCreateParams](docs/RealtimeResponseCreateParams.md)
 - [RealtimeResponseCreateParamsConversation](docs/RealtimeResponseCreateParamsConversation.md)
 - [RealtimeResponseCreateParamsConversationOneOf](docs/RealtimeResponseCreateParamsConversationOneOf.md)
 - [RealtimeResponseCreateParamsMaxResponseOutputTokens](docs/RealtimeResponseCreateParamsMaxResponseOutputTokens.md)
 - [RealtimeResponseCreateParamsMaxResponseOutputTokensOneOf](docs/RealtimeResponseCreateParamsMaxResponseOutputTokensOneOf.md)
 - [RealtimeResponseCreateParamsOutputAudioFormat](docs/RealtimeResponseCreateParamsOutputAudioFormat.md)
 - [RealtimeResponseCreateParamsToolsInner](docs/RealtimeResponseCreateParamsToolsInner.md)
 - [RealtimeResponseCreateParamsToolsInnerType](docs/RealtimeResponseCreateParamsToolsInnerType.md)
 - [RealtimeResponseCreateParamsVoice](docs/RealtimeResponseCreateParamsVoice.md)
 - [RealtimeResponseObject](docs/RealtimeResponseObject.md)
 - [RealtimeResponseStatus](docs/RealtimeResponseStatus.md)
 - [RealtimeResponseStatusDetails](docs/RealtimeResponseStatusDetails.md)
 - [RealtimeResponseStatusDetailsError](docs/RealtimeResponseStatusDetailsError.md)
 - [RealtimeResponseStatusDetailsReason](docs/RealtimeResponseStatusDetailsReason.md)
 - [RealtimeResponseStatusDetailsType](docs/RealtimeResponseStatusDetailsType.md)
 - [RealtimeResponseUsage](docs/RealtimeResponseUsage.md)
 - [RealtimeResponseUsageInputTokenDetails](docs/RealtimeResponseUsageInputTokenDetails.md)
 - [RealtimeResponseUsageOutputTokenDetails](docs/RealtimeResponseUsageOutputTokenDetails.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventConversationCreated](docs/RealtimeServerEventConversationCreated.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventConversationCreatedConversation](docs/RealtimeServerEventConversationCreatedConversation.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventConversationCreatedType](docs/RealtimeServerEventConversationCreatedType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventConversationItemCreated](docs/RealtimeServerEventConversationItemCreated.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventConversationItemCreatedType](docs/RealtimeServerEventConversationItemCreatedType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventConversationItemDeleted](docs/RealtimeServerEventConversationItemDeleted.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventConversationItemDeletedType](docs/RealtimeServerEventConversationItemDeletedType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventConversationItemInputAudioTranscriptionCompleted](docs/RealtimeServerEventConversationItemInputAudioTranscriptionCompleted.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventConversationItemInputAudioTranscriptionCompletedType](docs/RealtimeServerEventConversationItemInputAudioTranscriptionCompletedType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventConversationItemInputAudioTranscriptionFailed](docs/RealtimeServerEventConversationItemInputAudioTranscriptionFailed.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventConversationItemInputAudioTranscriptionFailedError](docs/RealtimeServerEventConversationItemInputAudioTranscriptionFailedError.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventConversationItemInputAudioTranscriptionFailedType](docs/RealtimeServerEventConversationItemInputAudioTranscriptionFailedType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventConversationItemTruncated](docs/RealtimeServerEventConversationItemTruncated.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventConversationItemTruncatedType](docs/RealtimeServerEventConversationItemTruncatedType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventError](docs/RealtimeServerEventError.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventErrorError](docs/RealtimeServerEventErrorError.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventErrorType](docs/RealtimeServerEventErrorType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventInputAudioBufferCleared](docs/RealtimeServerEventInputAudioBufferCleared.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventInputAudioBufferClearedType](docs/RealtimeServerEventInputAudioBufferClearedType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventInputAudioBufferCommitted](docs/RealtimeServerEventInputAudioBufferCommitted.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventInputAudioBufferCommittedType](docs/RealtimeServerEventInputAudioBufferCommittedType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventInputAudioBufferSpeechStarted](docs/RealtimeServerEventInputAudioBufferSpeechStarted.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventInputAudioBufferSpeechStartedType](docs/RealtimeServerEventInputAudioBufferSpeechStartedType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventInputAudioBufferSpeechStopped](docs/RealtimeServerEventInputAudioBufferSpeechStopped.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventInputAudioBufferSpeechStoppedType](docs/RealtimeServerEventInputAudioBufferSpeechStoppedType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventRateLimitsUpdated](docs/RealtimeServerEventRateLimitsUpdated.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventRateLimitsUpdatedRateLimitsInner](docs/RealtimeServerEventRateLimitsUpdatedRateLimitsInner.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventRateLimitsUpdatedRateLimitsInnerName](docs/RealtimeServerEventRateLimitsUpdatedRateLimitsInnerName.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventRateLimitsUpdatedType](docs/RealtimeServerEventRateLimitsUpdatedType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseAudioDelta](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseAudioDelta.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseAudioDeltaType](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseAudioDeltaType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseAudioDone](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseAudioDone.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseAudioDoneType](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseAudioDoneType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseAudioTranscriptDelta](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseAudioTranscriptDelta.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseAudioTranscriptDeltaType](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseAudioTranscriptDeltaType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseAudioTranscriptDone](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseAudioTranscriptDone.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseAudioTranscriptDoneType](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseAudioTranscriptDoneType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseContentPartAdded](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseContentPartAdded.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseContentPartAddedPart](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseContentPartAddedPart.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseContentPartAddedPartType](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseContentPartAddedPartType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseContentPartAddedType](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseContentPartAddedType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseContentPartDone](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseContentPartDone.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseContentPartDonePart](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseContentPartDonePart.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseContentPartDoneType](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseContentPartDoneType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseCreated](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseCreated.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseCreatedType](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseCreatedType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseDone](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseDone.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseDoneType](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseDoneType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseFunctionCallArgumentsDelta](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseFunctionCallArgumentsDelta.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseFunctionCallArgumentsDeltaType](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseFunctionCallArgumentsDeltaType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseFunctionCallArgumentsDone](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseFunctionCallArgumentsDone.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseFunctionCallArgumentsDoneType](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseFunctionCallArgumentsDoneType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseOutputItemAdded](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseOutputItemAdded.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseOutputItemAddedType](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseOutputItemAddedType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseOutputItemDone](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseOutputItemDone.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseOutputItemDoneType](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseOutputItemDoneType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseTextDelta](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseTextDelta.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseTextDeltaType](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseTextDeltaType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseTextDone](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseTextDone.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventResponseTextDoneType](docs/RealtimeServerEventResponseTextDoneType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventSessionCreated](docs/RealtimeServerEventSessionCreated.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventSessionCreatedType](docs/RealtimeServerEventSessionCreatedType.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventSessionUpdated](docs/RealtimeServerEventSessionUpdated.md)
 - [RealtimeServerEventSessionUpdatedType](docs/RealtimeServerEventSessionUpdatedType.md)
 - [RealtimeSession](docs/RealtimeSession.md)
 - [RealtimeSessionCreateRequest](docs/RealtimeSessionCreateRequest.md)
 - [RealtimeSessionCreateRequestModel](docs/RealtimeSessionCreateRequestModel.md)
 - [RealtimeSessionCreateRequestTurnDetection](docs/RealtimeSessionCreateRequestTurnDetection.md)
 - [RealtimeSessionCreateResponse](docs/RealtimeSessionCreateResponse.md)
 - [RealtimeSessionCreateResponseClientSecret](docs/RealtimeSessionCreateResponseClientSecret.md)
 - [RealtimeSessionCreateResponseTurnDetection](docs/RealtimeSessionCreateResponseTurnDetection.md)
 - [RealtimeSessionInputAudioFormat](docs/RealtimeSessionInputAudioFormat.md)
 - [RealtimeSessionInputAudioTranscription](docs/RealtimeSessionInputAudioTranscription.md)
 - [RealtimeSessionModel](docs/RealtimeSessionModel.md)
 - [RealtimeSessionModelAnyOf](docs/RealtimeSessionModelAnyOf.md)
 - [RealtimeSessionTurnDetection](docs/RealtimeSessionTurnDetection.md)
 - [RealtimeSessionTurnDetectionType](docs/RealtimeSessionTurnDetectionType.md)
 - [ResponseFormatJsonObject](docs/ResponseFormatJsonObject.md)
 - [ResponseFormatJsonObjectType](docs/ResponseFormatJsonObjectType.md)
 - [ResponseFormatJsonSchema](docs/ResponseFormatJsonSchema.md)
 - [ResponseFormatJsonSchemaJsonSchema](docs/ResponseFormatJsonSchemaJsonSchema.md)
 - [ResponseFormatJsonSchemaType](docs/ResponseFormatJsonSchemaType.md)
 - [ResponseFormatText](docs/ResponseFormatText.md)
 - [ResponseFormatTextType](docs/ResponseFormatTextType.md)
 - [RunCompletionUsage](docs/RunCompletionUsage.md)
 - [RunObject](docs/RunObject.md)
 - [RunObjectIncompleteDetails](docs/RunObjectIncompleteDetails.md)
 - [RunObjectIncompleteDetailsReason](docs/RunObjectIncompleteDetailsReason.md)
 - [RunObjectLastError](docs/RunObjectLastError.md)
 - [RunObjectLastErrorCode](docs/RunObjectLastErrorCode.md)
 - [RunObjectObject](docs/RunObjectObject.md)
 - [RunObjectRequiredAction](docs/RunObjectRequiredAction.md)
 - [RunObjectRequiredActionSubmitToolOutputs](docs/RunObjectRequiredActionSubmitToolOutputs.md)
 - [RunObjectRequiredActionType](docs/RunObjectRequiredActionType.md)
 - [RunObjectStatus](docs/RunObjectStatus.md)
 - [RunStepCompletionUsage](docs/RunStepCompletionUsage.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaObject](docs/RunStepDeltaObject.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaObjectDelta](docs/RunStepDeltaObjectDelta.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaObjectDeltaStepDetails](docs/RunStepDeltaObjectDeltaStepDetails.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaObjectObject](docs/RunStepDeltaObjectObject.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaStepDetailsMessageCreationObject](docs/RunStepDeltaStepDetailsMessageCreationObject.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaStepDetailsMessageCreationObjectMessageCreation](docs/RunStepDeltaStepDetailsMessageCreationObjectMessageCreation.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaStepDetailsMessageCreationObjectType](docs/RunStepDeltaStepDetailsMessageCreationObjectType.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsCodeObject](docs/RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsCodeObject.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsCodeObjectCodeInterpreter](docs/RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsCodeObjectCodeInterpreter.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsCodeObjectCodeInterpreterOutputsInner](docs/RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsCodeObjectCodeInterpreterOutputsInner.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsCodeObjectType](docs/RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsCodeObjectType.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsCodeOutputImageObject](docs/RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsCodeOutputImageObject.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsCodeOutputImageObjectImage](docs/RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsCodeOutputImageObjectImage.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsCodeOutputImageObjectType](docs/RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsCodeOutputImageObjectType.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsCodeOutputLogsObject](docs/RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsCodeOutputLogsObject.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsCodeOutputLogsObjectType](docs/RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsCodeOutputLogsObjectType.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsFileSearchObject](docs/RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsFileSearchObject.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsFileSearchObjectType](docs/RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsFileSearchObjectType.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsFunctionObject](docs/RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsFunctionObject.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsFunctionObjectFunction](docs/RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsFunctionObjectFunction.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsFunctionObjectType](docs/RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsFunctionObjectType.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsObject](docs/RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsObject.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsObjectToolCallsInner](docs/RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsObjectToolCallsInner.md)
 - [RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsObjectType](docs/RunStepDeltaStepDetailsToolCallsObjectType.md)
 - [RunStepDetailsMessageCreationObject](docs/RunStepDetailsMessageCreationObject.md)
 - [RunStepDetailsMessageCreationObjectMessageCreation](docs/RunStepDetailsMessageCreationObjectMessageCreation.md)
 - [RunStepDetailsToolCallsCodeObject](docs/RunStepDetailsToolCallsCodeObject.md)
 - [RunStepDetailsToolCallsCodeObjectCodeInterpreter](docs/RunStepDetailsToolCallsCodeObjectCodeInterpreter.md)
 - [RunStepDetailsToolCallsCodeObjectCodeInterpreterOutputsInner](docs/RunStepDetailsToolCallsCodeObjectCodeInterpreterOutputsInner.md)
 - [RunStepDetailsToolCallsCodeOutputImageObject](docs/RunStepDetailsToolCallsCodeOutputImageObject.md)
 - [RunStepDetailsToolCallsCodeOutputImageObjectImage](docs/RunStepDetailsToolCallsCodeOutputImageObjectImage.md)
 - [RunStepDetailsToolCallsCodeOutputLogsObject](docs/RunStepDetailsToolCallsCodeOutputLogsObject.md)
 - [RunStepDetailsToolCallsFileSearchObject](docs/RunStepDetailsToolCallsFileSearchObject.md)
 - [RunStepDetailsToolCallsFileSearchObjectFileSearch](docs/RunStepDetailsToolCallsFileSearchObjectFileSearch.md)
 - [RunStepDetailsToolCallsFileSearchRankingOptionsObject](docs/RunStepDetailsToolCallsFileSearchRankingOptionsObject.md)
 - [RunStepDetailsToolCallsFileSearchRankingOptionsObjectRanker](docs/RunStepDetailsToolCallsFileSearchRankingOptionsObjectRanker.md)
 - [RunStepDetailsToolCallsFileSearchResultObject](docs/RunStepDetailsToolCallsFileSearchResultObject.md)
 - [RunStepDetailsToolCallsFileSearchResultObjectContentInner](docs/RunStepDetailsToolCallsFileSearchResultObjectContentInner.md)
 - [RunStepDetailsToolCallsFileSearchResultObjectContentInnerType](docs/RunStepDetailsToolCallsFileSearchResultObjectContentInnerType.md)
 - [RunStepDetailsToolCallsFunctionObject](docs/RunStepDetailsToolCallsFunctionObject.md)
 - [RunStepDetailsToolCallsFunctionObjectFunction](docs/RunStepDetailsToolCallsFunctionObjectFunction.md)
 - [RunStepDetailsToolCallsObject](docs/RunStepDetailsToolCallsObject.md)
 - [RunStepDetailsToolCallsObjectToolCallsInner](docs/RunStepDetailsToolCallsObjectToolCallsInner.md)
 - [RunStepObject](docs/RunStepObject.md)
 - [RunStepObjectLastError](docs/RunStepObjectLastError.md)
 - [RunStepObjectLastErrorCode](docs/RunStepObjectLastErrorCode.md)
 - [RunStepObjectObject](docs/RunStepObjectObject.md)
 - [RunStepObjectStatus](docs/RunStepObjectStatus.md)
 - [RunStepObjectStepDetails](docs/RunStepObjectStepDetails.md)
 - [RunStepObjectType](docs/RunStepObjectType.md)
 - [RunStepStreamEvent](docs/RunStepStreamEvent.md)
 - [RunStepStreamEventOneOf](docs/RunStepStreamEventOneOf.md)
 - [RunStepStreamEventOneOf1](docs/RunStepStreamEventOneOf1.md)
 - [RunStepStreamEventOneOf1Event](docs/RunStepStreamEventOneOf1Event.md)
 - [RunStepStreamEventOneOf2](docs/RunStepStreamEventOneOf2.md)
 - [RunStepStreamEventOneOf2Event](docs/RunStepStreamEventOneOf2Event.md)
 - [RunStepStreamEventOneOf3](docs/RunStepStreamEventOneOf3.md)
 - [RunStepStreamEventOneOf3Event](docs/RunStepStreamEventOneOf3Event.md)
 - [RunStepStreamEventOneOf4](docs/RunStepStreamEventOneOf4.md)
 - [RunStepStreamEventOneOf4Event](docs/RunStepStreamEventOneOf4Event.md)
 - [RunStepStreamEventOneOf5](docs/RunStepStreamEventOneOf5.md)
 - [RunStepStreamEventOneOf5Event](docs/RunStepStreamEventOneOf5Event.md)
 - [RunStepStreamEventOneOf6](docs/RunStepStreamEventOneOf6.md)
 - [RunStepStreamEventOneOf6Event](docs/RunStepStreamEventOneOf6Event.md)
 - [RunStepStreamEventOneOfEvent](docs/RunStepStreamEventOneOfEvent.md)
 - [RunStreamEvent](docs/RunStreamEvent.md)
 - [RunStreamEventOneOf](docs/RunStreamEventOneOf.md)
 - [RunStreamEventOneOf1](docs/RunStreamEventOneOf1.md)
 - [RunStreamEventOneOf1Event](docs/RunStreamEventOneOf1Event.md)
 - [RunStreamEventOneOf2](docs/RunStreamEventOneOf2.md)
 - [RunStreamEventOneOf2Event](docs/RunStreamEventOneOf2Event.md)
 - [RunStreamEventOneOf3](docs/RunStreamEventOneOf3.md)
 - [RunStreamEventOneOf3Event](docs/RunStreamEventOneOf3Event.md)
 - [RunStreamEventOneOf4](docs/RunStreamEventOneOf4.md)
 - [RunStreamEventOneOf4Event](docs/RunStreamEventOneOf4Event.md)
 - [RunStreamEventOneOf5](docs/RunStreamEventOneOf5.md)
 - [RunStreamEventOneOf5Event](docs/RunStreamEventOneOf5Event.md)
 - [RunStreamEventOneOf6](docs/RunStreamEventOneOf6.md)
 - [RunStreamEventOneOf6Event](docs/RunStreamEventOneOf6Event.md)
 - [RunStreamEventOneOf7](docs/RunStreamEventOneOf7.md)
 - [RunStreamEventOneOf7Event](docs/RunStreamEventOneOf7Event.md)
 - [RunStreamEventOneOf8](docs/RunStreamEventOneOf8.md)
 - [RunStreamEventOneOf8Event](docs/RunStreamEventOneOf8Event.md)
 - [RunStreamEventOneOf9](docs/RunStreamEventOneOf9.md)
 - [RunStreamEventOneOf9Event](docs/RunStreamEventOneOf9Event.md)
 - [RunStreamEventOneOfEvent](docs/RunStreamEventOneOfEvent.md)
 - [RunToolCallObject](docs/RunToolCallObject.md)
 - [RunToolCallObjectFunction](docs/RunToolCallObjectFunction.md)
 - [RunToolCallObjectType](docs/RunToolCallObjectType.md)
 - [StaticChunkingStrategy](docs/StaticChunkingStrategy.md)
 - [StaticChunkingStrategyRequestParam](docs/StaticChunkingStrategyRequestParam.md)
 - [StaticChunkingStrategyResponseParam](docs/StaticChunkingStrategyResponseParam.md)
 - [StaticChunkingStrategyStatic](docs/StaticChunkingStrategyStatic.md)
 - [StaticChunkingStrategyType](docs/StaticChunkingStrategyType.md)
 - [SubmitToolOutputsRunRequest](docs/SubmitToolOutputsRunRequest.md)
 - [SubmitToolOutputsRunRequestToolOutputsInner](docs/SubmitToolOutputsRunRequestToolOutputsInner.md)
 - [ThreadObject](docs/ThreadObject.md)
 - [ThreadObjectObject](docs/ThreadObjectObject.md)
 - [ThreadStreamEvent](docs/ThreadStreamEvent.md)
 - [ThreadStreamEventEvent](docs/ThreadStreamEventEvent.md)
 - [TranscriptionSegment](docs/TranscriptionSegment.md)
 - [TranscriptionWord](docs/TranscriptionWord.md)
 - [TruncationObject](docs/TruncationObject.md)
 - [TruncationObjectType](docs/TruncationObjectType.md)
 - [UpdateVectorStoreRequest](docs/UpdateVectorStoreRequest.md)
 - [Upload](docs/Upload.md)
 - [UploadObject](docs/UploadObject.md)
 - [UploadPart](docs/UploadPart.md)
 - [UploadPartObject](docs/UploadPartObject.md)
 - [UploadStatus](docs/UploadStatus.md)
 - [UsageAudioSpeechesBucketWidthParameter](docs/UsageAudioSpeechesBucketWidthParameter.md)
 - [UsageAudioSpeechesGroupByParameterInner](docs/UsageAudioSpeechesGroupByParameterInner.md)
 - [UsageAudioSpeechesResult](docs/UsageAudioSpeechesResult.md)
 - [UsageAudioSpeechesResultObject](docs/UsageAudioSpeechesResultObject.md)
 - [UsageAudioTranscriptionsResult](docs/UsageAudioTranscriptionsResult.md)
 - [UsageAudioTranscriptionsResultObject](docs/UsageAudioTranscriptionsResultObject.md)
 - [UsageCodeInterpreterSessionsGroupByParameterInner](docs/UsageCodeInterpreterSessionsGroupByParameterInner.md)
 - [UsageCodeInterpreterSessionsResult](docs/UsageCodeInterpreterSessionsResult.md)
 - [UsageCodeInterpreterSessionsResultObject](docs/UsageCodeInterpreterSessionsResultObject.md)
 - [UsageCompletionsGroupByParameterInner](docs/UsageCompletionsGroupByParameterInner.md)
 - [UsageCompletionsResult](docs/UsageCompletionsResult.md)
 - [UsageCompletionsResultObject](docs/UsageCompletionsResultObject.md)
 - [UsageCostsBucketWidthParameter](docs/UsageCostsBucketWidthParameter.md)
 - [UsageCostsGroupByParameterInner](docs/UsageCostsGroupByParameterInner.md)
 - [UsageEmbeddingsResult](docs/UsageEmbeddingsResult.md)
 - [UsageEmbeddingsResultObject](docs/UsageEmbeddingsResultObject.md)
 - [UsageImagesGroupByParameterInner](docs/UsageImagesGroupByParameterInner.md)
 - [UsageImagesResult](docs/UsageImagesResult.md)
 - [UsageImagesResultObject](docs/UsageImagesResultObject.md)
 - [UsageImagesSizesParameterInner](docs/UsageImagesSizesParameterInner.md)
 - [UsageImagesSourcesParameterInner](docs/UsageImagesSourcesParameterInner.md)
 - [UsageModerationsResult](docs/UsageModerationsResult.md)
 - [UsageModerationsResultObject](docs/UsageModerationsResultObject.md)
 - [UsageResponse](docs/UsageResponse.md)
 - [UsageResponseObject](docs/UsageResponseObject.md)
 - [UsageTimeBucket](docs/UsageTimeBucket.md)
 - [UsageTimeBucketObject](docs/UsageTimeBucketObject.md)
 - [UsageTimeBucketResultInner](docs/UsageTimeBucketResultInner.md)
 - [UsageVectorStoresResult](docs/UsageVectorStoresResult.md)
 - [UsageVectorStoresResultObject](docs/UsageVectorStoresResultObject.md)
 - [User](docs/User.md)
 - [UserDeleteResponse](docs/UserDeleteResponse.md)
 - [UserDeleteResponseObject](docs/UserDeleteResponseObject.md)
 - [UserListResponse](docs/UserListResponse.md)
 - [UserObject](docs/UserObject.md)
 - [UserRoleUpdateRequest](docs/UserRoleUpdateRequest.md)
 - [VectorStoreExpirationAfter](docs/VectorStoreExpirationAfter.md)
 - [VectorStoreExpirationAfterAnchor](docs/VectorStoreExpirationAfterAnchor.md)
 - [VectorStoreFileBatchObject](docs/VectorStoreFileBatchObject.md)
 - [VectorStoreFileBatchObjectFileCounts](docs/VectorStoreFileBatchObjectFileCounts.md)
 - [VectorStoreFileBatchObjectObject](docs/VectorStoreFileBatchObjectObject.md)
 - [VectorStoreFileBatchObjectStatus](docs/VectorStoreFileBatchObjectStatus.md)
 - [VectorStoreFileObject](docs/VectorStoreFileObject.md)
 - [VectorStoreFileObjectChunkingStrategy](docs/VectorStoreFileObjectChunkingStrategy.md)
 - [VectorStoreFileObjectLastError](docs/VectorStoreFileObjectLastError.md)
 - [VectorStoreFileObjectLastErrorCode](docs/VectorStoreFileObjectLastErrorCode.md)
 - [VectorStoreFileObjectObject](docs/VectorStoreFileObjectObject.md)
 - [VectorStoreFileObjectStatus](docs/VectorStoreFileObjectStatus.md)
 - [VectorStoreObject](docs/VectorStoreObject.md)
 - [VectorStoreObjectFileCounts](docs/VectorStoreObjectFileCounts.md)
 - [VectorStoreObjectObject](docs/VectorStoreObjectObject.md)
 - [VectorStoreObjectStatus](docs/VectorStoreObjectStatus.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### ApiKeyAuth
- **Type**: Bearer token authentication

Example
```
```

## Author

blah+oapicf@cliffano.com

