

# CreateChatCompletionRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**messages** | [**List&lt;ChatCompletionRequestMessage&gt;**](ChatCompletionRequestMessage.md) | A list of messages comprising the conversation so far. Depending on the [model](/docs/models) you use, different message types (modalities) are supported, like [text](/docs/guides/text-generation), [images](/docs/guides/vision), and [audio](/docs/guides/audio).  | 
**model** | [**CreateChatCompletionRequestModel**](CreateChatCompletionRequestModel.md) |  | 
**store** | **Boolean** | Whether or not to store the output of this chat completion request for  use in our [model distillation](/docs/guides/distillation) or [evals](/docs/guides/evals) products.  |  [optional]
**reasoningEffort** | [**ReasoningEffortEnum**](#ReasoningEffortEnum) | **o1 models only**   Constrains effort on reasoning for  [reasoning models](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/reasoning). Currently supported values are &#x60;low&#x60;, &#x60;medium&#x60;, and &#x60;high&#x60;. Reducing reasoning effort can result in faster responses and fewer tokens used on reasoning in a response.  |  [optional]
**metadata** | **Map&lt;String, String&gt;** | Developer-defined tags and values used for filtering completions in the [dashboard](https://platform.openai.com/chat-completions).  |  [optional]
**frequencyPenalty** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on their existing frequency in the text so far, decreasing the model&#39;s likelihood to repeat the same line verbatim.  |  [optional]
**logitBias** | **Map&lt;String, Integer&gt;** | Modify the likelihood of specified tokens appearing in the completion.  Accepts a JSON object that maps tokens (specified by their token ID in the tokenizer) to an associated bias value from -100 to 100. Mathematically, the bias is added to the logits generated by the model prior to sampling. The exact effect will vary per model, but values between -1 and 1 should decrease or increase likelihood of selection; values like -100 or 100 should result in a ban or exclusive selection of the relevant token.  |  [optional]
**logprobs** | **Boolean** | Whether to return log probabilities of the output tokens or not. If true, returns the log probabilities of each output token returned in the &#x60;content&#x60; of &#x60;message&#x60;.  |  [optional]
**topLogprobs** | **Integer** | An integer between 0 and 20 specifying the number of most likely tokens to return at each token position, each with an associated log probability. &#x60;logprobs&#x60; must be set to &#x60;true&#x60; if this parameter is used.  |  [optional]
**maxTokens** | **Integer** | The maximum number of [tokens](/tokenizer) that can be generated in the chat completion. This value can be used to control [costs](https://openai.com/api/pricing/) for text generated via API.  This value is now deprecated in favor of &#x60;max_completion_tokens&#x60;, and is not compatible with [o1 series models](/docs/guides/reasoning).  |  [optional]
**maxCompletionTokens** | **Integer** | An upper bound for the number of tokens that can be generated for a completion, including visible output tokens and [reasoning tokens](/docs/guides/reasoning).  |  [optional]
**n** | **Integer** | How many chat completion choices to generate for each input message. Note that you will be charged based on the number of generated tokens across all of the choices. Keep &#x60;n&#x60; as &#x60;1&#x60; to minimize costs. |  [optional]
**modalities** | [**List&lt;ModalitiesEnum&gt;**](#List&lt;ModalitiesEnum&gt;) | Output types that you would like the model to generate for this request. Most models are capable of generating text, which is the default:  &#x60;[\&quot;text\&quot;]&#x60;  The &#x60;gpt-4o-audio-preview&#x60; model can also be used to [generate audio](/docs/guides/audio). To request that this model generate both text and audio responses, you can use:  &#x60;[\&quot;text\&quot;, \&quot;audio\&quot;]&#x60;  |  [optional]
**prediction** | [**PredictionContent**](PredictionContent.md) |  |  [optional]
**audio** | [**CreateChatCompletionRequestAudio**](CreateChatCompletionRequestAudio.md) |  |  [optional]
**presencePenalty** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on whether they appear in the text so far, increasing the model&#39;s likelihood to talk about new topics.  |  [optional]
**responseFormat** | [**CreateChatCompletionRequestResponseFormat**](CreateChatCompletionRequestResponseFormat.md) |  |  [optional]
**seed** | **Integer** | This feature is in Beta. If specified, our system will make a best effort to sample deterministically, such that repeated requests with the same &#x60;seed&#x60; and parameters should return the same result. Determinism is not guaranteed, and you should refer to the &#x60;system_fingerprint&#x60; response parameter to monitor changes in the backend.  |  [optional]
**serviceTier** | [**ServiceTierEnum**](#ServiceTierEnum) | Specifies the latency tier to use for processing the request. This parameter is relevant for customers subscribed to the scale tier service:    - If set to &#39;auto&#39;, and the Project is Scale tier enabled, the system will utilize scale tier credits until they are exhausted.   - If set to &#39;auto&#39;, and the Project is not Scale tier enabled, the request will be processed using the default service tier with a lower uptime SLA and no latency guarentee.   - If set to &#39;default&#39;, the request will be processed using the default service tier with a lower uptime SLA and no latency guarentee.   - When not set, the default behavior is &#39;auto&#39;.    When this parameter is set, the response body will include the &#x60;service_tier&#x60; utilized.  |  [optional]
**stop** | [**CreateChatCompletionRequestStop**](CreateChatCompletionRequestStop.md) |  |  [optional]
**stream** | **Boolean** | If set, partial message deltas will be sent, like in ChatGPT. Tokens will be sent as data-only [server-sent events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Server-sent_events/Using_server-sent_events#Event_stream_format) as they become available, with the stream terminated by a &#x60;data: [DONE]&#x60; message. [Example Python code](https://cookbook.openai.com/examples/how_to_stream_completions).  |  [optional]
**streamOptions** | [**ChatCompletionStreamOptions**](ChatCompletionStreamOptions.md) |  |  [optional]
**temperature** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | What sampling temperature to use, between 0 and 2. Higher values like 0.8 will make the output more random, while lower values like 0.2 will make it more focused and deterministic. We generally recommend altering this or &#x60;top_p&#x60; but not both.  |  [optional]
**topP** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling, where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. So 0.1 means only the tokens comprising the top 10% probability mass are considered.  We generally recommend altering this or &#x60;temperature&#x60; but not both.  |  [optional]
**tools** | [**List&lt;ChatCompletionTool&gt;**](ChatCompletionTool.md) | A list of tools the model may call. Currently, only functions are supported as a tool. Use this to provide a list of functions the model may generate JSON inputs for. A max of 128 functions are supported.  |  [optional]
**toolChoice** | [**ChatCompletionToolChoiceOption**](ChatCompletionToolChoiceOption.md) |  |  [optional]
**parallelToolCalls** | **Boolean** | Whether to enable [parallel function calling](/docs/guides/function-calling#configuring-parallel-function-calling) during tool use. |  [optional]
**user** | **String** | A unique identifier representing your end-user, which can help OpenAI to monitor and detect abuse. [Learn more](/docs/guides/safety-best-practices#end-user-ids).  |  [optional]
**functionCall** | [**CreateChatCompletionRequestFunctionCall**](CreateChatCompletionRequestFunctionCall.md) |  |  [optional]
**functions** | [**List&lt;ChatCompletionFunctions&gt;**](ChatCompletionFunctions.md) | Deprecated in favor of &#x60;tools&#x60;.  A list of functions the model may generate JSON inputs for.  |  [optional]


## Enum: ReasoningEffortEnum

Name | Value
---- | -----


## Enum: List&lt;ModalitiesEnum&gt;

Name | Value
---- | -----
TEXT | &quot;text&quot;
AUDIO | &quot;audio&quot;


## Enum: ServiceTierEnum

Name | Value
---- | -----




