# RealtimeConversationItem

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | Option<**String**> | The unique ID of the item, this can be generated by the client to help  manage server-side context, but is not required because the server will  generate one if not provided.  | [optional]
**r#type** | Option<**String**> | The type of the item (`message`, `function_call`, `function_call_output`).  | [optional]
**object** | Option<**String**> | Identifier for the API object being returned - always `realtime.item`.  | [optional]
**status** | Option<**String**> | The status of the item (`completed`, `incomplete`). These have no effect  on the conversation, but are accepted for consistency with the  `conversation.item.created` event.  | [optional]
**role** | Option<**String**> | The role of the message sender (`user`, `assistant`, `system`), only  applicable for `message` items.  | [optional]
**content** | Option<[**Vec<models::RealtimeConversationItemContentInner>**](RealtimeConversationItem_content_inner.md)> | The content of the message, applicable for `message` items.  - Message items of role `system` support only `input_text` content - Message items of role `user` support `input_text` and `input_audio`    content - Message items of role `assistant` support `text` content.  | [optional]
**call_id** | Option<**String**> | The ID of the function call (for `function_call` and  `function_call_output` items). If passed on a `function_call_output`  item, the server will check that a `function_call` item with the same  ID exists in the conversation history.  | [optional]
**name** | Option<**String**> | The name of the function being called (for `function_call` items).  | [optional]
**arguments** | Option<**String**> | The arguments of the function call (for `function_call` items).  | [optional]
**output** | Option<**String**> | The output of the function call (for `function_call_output` items).  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


