# Nim API client for OpenAI API (Package: openapiclient)

APIs for sampling from and fine-tuning language models

## Overview

This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [openapi-spec](https://openapis.org) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 2.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
    - Generator version: 7.4.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.NimClientCodegen
    For more information, please visit [https://github.com/oapicf/openapi-openai](https://github.com/oapicf/openapi-openai)

## Installation

Put the package under your project folder and add the following to the nimble file of your project:

```
import openapiclient
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.openai.com/v1*

Module | Proc | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
api_open_ai | cancelFineTune | **POST** /fine-tunes/{fine_tune_id}/cancel | Immediately cancel a fine-tune job. 
api_open_ai | createChatCompletion | **POST** /chat/completions | Creates a model response for the given chat conversation.
api_open_ai | createCompletion | **POST** /completions | Creates a completion for the provided prompt and parameters.
api_open_ai | createEdit | **POST** /edits | Creates a new edit for the provided input, instruction, and parameters.
api_open_ai | createEmbedding | **POST** /embeddings | Creates an embedding vector representing the input text.
api_open_ai | createFile | **POST** /files | Upload a file that contains document(s) to be used across various endpoints/features. Currently, the size of all the files uploaded by one organization can be up to 1 GB. Please contact us if you need to increase the storage limit. 
api_open_ai | createFineTune | **POST** /fine-tunes | Creates a job that fine-tunes a specified model from a given dataset.  Response includes details of the enqueued job including job status and the name of the fine-tuned models once complete.  [Learn more about Fine-tuning](/docs/guides/fine-tuning) 
api_open_ai | createImage | **POST** /images/generations | Creates an image given a prompt.
api_open_ai | createImageEdit | **POST** /images/edits | Creates an edited or extended image given an original image and a prompt.
api_open_ai | createImageVariation | **POST** /images/variations | Creates a variation of a given image.
api_open_ai | createModeration | **POST** /moderations | Classifies if text violates OpenAI's Content Policy
api_open_ai | createTranscription | **POST** /audio/transcriptions | Transcribes audio into the input language.
api_open_ai | createTranslation | **POST** /audio/translations | Translates audio into English.
api_open_ai | deleteFile | **DELETE** /files/{file_id} | Delete a file.
api_open_ai | deleteModel | **DELETE** /models/{model} | Delete a fine-tuned model. You must have the Owner role in your organization.
api_open_ai | downloadFile | **GET** /files/{file_id}/content | Returns the contents of the specified file
api_open_ai | listFiles | **GET** /files | Returns a list of files that belong to the user's organization.
api_open_ai | listFineTuneEvents | **GET** /fine-tunes/{fine_tune_id}/events | Get fine-grained status updates for a fine-tune job. 
api_open_ai | listFineTunes | **GET** /fine-tunes | List your organization's fine-tuning jobs 
api_open_ai | listModels | **GET** /models | Lists the currently available models, and provides basic information about each one such as the owner and availability.
api_open_ai | retrieveFile | **GET** /files/{file_id} | Returns information about a specific file.
api_open_ai | retrieveFineTune | **GET** /fine-tunes/{fine_tune_id} | Gets info about the fine-tune job.  [Learn more about Fine-tuning](/docs/guides/fine-tuning) 
api_open_ai | retrieveModel | **GET** /models/{model} | Retrieves a model instance, providing basic information about the model such as the owner and permissioning.


To generate documentation with Nim DocGen, use:

```
nim doc --project --index:on openapiclient.nim
```
