# CreateChatCompletionRequest
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Model** | [**CreateChatCompletionRequestModel**](CreateChatCompletionRequestModel.md) |  | 
**Messages** | [**ChatCompletionRequestMessage[]**](ChatCompletionRequestMessage.md) | A list of messages comprising the conversation so far. [Example Python code](https://github.com/openai/openai-cookbook/blob/main/examples/How_to_format_inputs_to_ChatGPT_models.ipynb). | 
**Functions** | [**ChatCompletionFunctions[]**](ChatCompletionFunctions.md) | A list of functions the model may generate JSON inputs for. | [optional] 
**FunctionCall** | [**CreateChatCompletionRequestFunctionCall**](CreateChatCompletionRequestFunctionCall.md) |  | [optional] 
**Temperature** | **Decimal** | What sampling temperature to use, between 0 and 2. Higher values like 0.8 will make the output more random, while lower values like 0.2 will make it more focused and deterministic.  We generally recommend altering this or &#x60;top_p&#x60; but not both.  | [optional] [default to 1]
**TopP** | **Decimal** | An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling, where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. So 0.1 means only the tokens comprising the top 10% probability mass are considered.  We generally recommend altering this or &#x60;temperature&#x60; but not both.  | [optional] [default to 1]
**N** | **Int32** | How many chat completion choices to generate for each input message. | [optional] [default to 1]
**Stream** | **Boolean** | If set, partial message deltas will be sent, like in ChatGPT. Tokens will be sent as data-only [server-sent events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Server-sent_events/Using_server-sent_events#Event_stream_format) as they become available, with the stream terminated by a &#x60;data: [DONE]&#x60; message. [Example Python code](https://github.com/openai/openai-cookbook/blob/main/examples/How_to_stream_completions.ipynb).  | [optional] [default to $false]
**Stop** | [**CreateChatCompletionRequestStop**](CreateChatCompletionRequestStop.md) |  | [optional] 
**MaxTokens** | **Int32** | The maximum number of [tokens](/tokenizer) to generate in the chat completion.  The total length of input tokens and generated tokens is limited by the model&#39;s context length. [Example Python code](https://github.com/openai/openai-cookbook/blob/main/examples/How_to_count_tokens_with_tiktoken.ipynb) for counting tokens.  | [optional] 
**PresencePenalty** | **Decimal** | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on whether they appear in the text so far, increasing the model&#39;s likelihood to talk about new topics.  [See more information about frequency and presence penalties.](/docs/api-reference/parameter-details)  | [optional] [default to 0]
**FrequencyPenalty** | **Decimal** | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on their existing frequency in the text so far, decreasing the model&#39;s likelihood to repeat the same line verbatim.  [See more information about frequency and presence penalties.](/docs/api-reference/parameter-details)  | [optional] [default to 0]
**LogitBias** | [**SystemCollectionsHashtable**](.md) | Modify the likelihood of specified tokens appearing in the completion.  Accepts a json object that maps tokens (specified by their token ID in the tokenizer) to an associated bias value from -100 to 100. Mathematically, the bias is added to the logits generated by the model prior to sampling. The exact effect will vary per model, but values between -1 and 1 should decrease or increase likelihood of selection; values like -100 or 100 should result in a ban or exclusive selection of the relevant token.  | [optional] 
**User** | **String** | A unique identifier representing your end-user, which can help OpenAI to monitor and detect abuse. [Learn more](/docs/guides/safety-best-practices/end-user-ids).  | [optional] 

## Examples

- Prepare the resource
```powershell
$CreateChatCompletionRequest = Initialize-PSOpenAPIToolsCreateChatCompletionRequest  -Model null `
 -Messages null `
 -Functions null `
 -FunctionCall null `
 -Temperature 1 `
 -TopP 1 `
 -N 1 `
 -Stream null `
 -Stop null `
 -MaxTokens null `
 -PresencePenalty null `
 -FrequencyPenalty null `
 -LogitBias null `
 -User user-1234
```

- Convert the resource to JSON
```powershell
$CreateChatCompletionRequest | ConvertTo-JSON
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

