
# Table `CreateMessageRequest`
(mapped from: CreateMessageRequest)

## Properties
Name | Mapping | SQL Type | Default | Type | Description | Notes
---- | ------- | -------- | ------- | ---- | ----------- | -----
**role** | role | text NOT NULL |  | [**role**](#Role) | The role of the entity that is creating the message. Allowed values include: - &#x60;user&#x60;: Indicates the message is sent by an actual user and should be used in most cases to represent user-generated messages. - &#x60;assistant&#x60;: Indicates the message is generated by the assistant. Use this value to insert messages from the assistant into the conversation.  | 
**content** | content | text NOT NULL |  | **kotlin.String** | The content of the message. | 
**fileIds** | `One-To-Many` | `----` | `----`  | **kotlin.Array&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | A list of [File](/docs/api-reference/files) IDs that the message should use. There can be a maximum of 10 files attached to a message. Useful for tools like &#x60;retrieval&#x60; and &#x60;code_interpreter&#x60; that can access and use files. |  [optional]
**metadata** | metadata | blob |  | [**kotlin.Any**](.md) | Set of 16 key-value pairs that can be attached to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Keys can be a maximum of 64 characters long and values can be a maxium of 512 characters long.  |  [optional]




# **Table `CreateMessageRequestFileIds`**
(mapped from: CreateMessageRequestFileIds)

## Properties
Name | Mapping | SQL Type | Default | Type | Description | Notes
---- | ------- | -------- | ------- | ---- | ----------- | -----
createMessageRequest | createMessageRequest | long | | kotlin.Long | Primary Key | *one*
fileIds | fileIds | text | | kotlin.String | Foreign Key | *many*




